@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST,v 1.16 2021/09/07 13:43:05 landry Exp $
bin/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/application.ini
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/chrome/
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/chrome/icons/
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/chrome/icons/default/
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/chrome/icons/default/default.png
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/chrome/icons/default/default128.png
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/chrome/icons/default/default16.png
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/chrome/icons/default/default32.png
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/chrome/icons/default/default48.png
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/chrome/icons/default/default64.png
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/defaults/
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/defaults/preferences/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/defaults/preferences/all-openbsd.js
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/defaults/preferences/pledge.content
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/pledge.content
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/defaults/preferences/pledge.gpu
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/pledge.gpu
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/defaults/preferences/pledge.main
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/pledge.main
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/defaults/preferences/pledge.rdd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/pledge.rdd
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/defaults/preferences/pledge.socket
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/pledge.socket
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/defaults/preferences/unveil.content
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/unveil.content
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/defaults/preferences/unveil.gpu
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/unveil.gpu
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/defaults/preferences/unveil.main
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/unveil.main
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/defaults/preferences/unveil.rdd
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/unveil.rdd
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/defaults/preferences/unveil.socket
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/unveil.socket
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/features/
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/features/doh-rollout@mozilla.org.xpi
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/features/formautofill@mozilla.org.xpi
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/features/pictureinpicture@mozilla.org.xpi
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/features/screenshots@mozilla.org.xpi
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/features/webcompat-reporter@mozilla.org.xpi
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/features/webcompat@mozilla.org.xpi
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/browser/omni.ja
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/defaults/
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/defaults/pref/
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/defaults/pref/channel-prefs.js
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/dependentlibs.list
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/distribution/
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/distribution/distribution.ini
@bin lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}
@bin lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}-bin
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/fonts/
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/fonts/TwemojiMozilla.ttf
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/gmp-clearkey/
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/gmp-clearkey/0.1/
@lib lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/gmp-clearkey/0.1/libclearkey.so.${LIBclearkey_VERSION}
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/gmp-clearkey/0.1/manifest.json
@lib lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/liblgpllibs.so.${LIBlgpllibs_VERSION}
@lib lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/libmozavcodec.so.${LIBmozavcodec_VERSION}
@lib lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/libmozavutil.so.${LIBmozavutil_VERSION}
@lib lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/libmozgtk.so.${LIBmozgtk_VERSION}
@lib lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/libmozsqlite3.so.${LIBmozsqlite3_VERSION}
@lib lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/libxul.so.${LIBxul_VERSION}
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/omni.ja
@bin lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/pingsender
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/platform.ini
@bin lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/plugin-container
lib/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}/removed-files
share/applications/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}.desktop
share/doc/pkg-readmes/${PKGSTEM}
share/pixmaps/
share/pixmaps/${MOZILLA_PROJECT}.png
@tag update-desktop-database
