--- Doc/zsh.texi.orig	Tue Feb 29 03:29:07 2000
+++ Doc/zsh.texi	Tue Jul  4 21:58:54 2000
@@ -2,6 +2,10 @@
 @c %**start of header
 @setfilename zsh.info
 @settitle    zsh
+@dircategory Shells
+@direntry
+* Zsh: (zsh).			The Z shell.
+@end direntry
 @c %**end of header
 
 @ifinfo
@@ -834,7 +838,7 @@
 A character may be @dfn{quoted} (that is, made to stand for itself) by
 preceding it with a @code{\}.  @code{\} followed by a newline is
 ignored.  All characters enclosed between a pair of single quotes
-(@t{@value{dsq}}) are quoted, except the first character of @code{histchars}
+(@t{'}@t{'}) are quoted, except the first character of @code{histchars}
 (@code{!} by default).  A single quote cannot appear within single
 quotes.  Inside double quotes (@code{""}), parameter and command
 substitution occurs, and @code{\} quotes the characters @code{\},
@@ -1622,7 +1626,7 @@
 @code{histchars} parameter which is @code{!} by default and may occur 
 anywhere on the command line; history substitutions do not nest.  The 
 @code{!} can be escaped with @code{\} or can be enclosed between a pair of 
-single quotes (@t{@value{dsq}}) 
+single quotes (@t{'}@t{'}) 
 to suppress its special meaning. Double quotes will not work for this.
 
 @noindent
@@ -5183,7 +5187,7 @@
 @cindex rc, quoting style
 @cindex quoting style, rc
 @pindex RC_QUOTES
-Allow the character sequence @t{@value{dsq}} to signify a single quote within
+Allow the character sequence @t{'}@t{'} to signify a single quote within
 singly quoted strings.
 
 @item RCS (+f)
@@ -7008,7 +7012,8 @@
 use is
 
 @example
-compctl -D -f + -H 0 @value{dsq} -X '(No file found; using history)'
+
+compctl -D -f + -H 0 @t{'}@t{'} -X '(No file found; using history)'
 @end example
 
 which forces completion to look back in the history list for a word if no
@@ -7071,7 +7076,7 @@
 name completion performed on the first word in the range.  For example,
 
 @example
-compctl -x 'r[-exec,;]' -l @value{dsq} -- find
+compctl -x 'r[-exec,;]' -l @t{'}@t{'} -- find
 @end example
 
 completes arguments between @code{-exec} and the following @code{;} (or the
