.\"	$OpenBSD: check-common-dirs.1,v 1.3 2013/09/15 09:54:19 rpe Exp $
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2010 Marc Espie <espie@openbsd.org>
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
.\" WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
.\" ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
.\" WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
.\" ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
.\" OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"
.Dd $Mdocdate: September 15 2013 $
.Dt CHECK-COMMON-DIRS 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm check-common-dirs
.Nd verify that common directories are correctly registered
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm check-common-dirs
.Op Fl mx
.Op Ar pkgname ...
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
is used to check a collection of packages for directory registration.
Every directory that is not a part of the standard
.Xr mtree 1
set should appear in a packing-list somewhere.
.Pp
Directories can be shared between several packages.
.Nm
knows enough about packages to trace directories back to a dependency.
.Pp
If no
.Ar pkgname
argument is passed, it will process all
.Pa *.tgz
files in the current directory.
.Pp
The options are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width keyword
.It Fl m
Always show progress-meter, even if not run from terminal.
.It Fl x
Don't show progress-meter, even if run from terminal.
.El
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr pkg_create 1
