.\"	$OpenBSD: check-conflicts.1,v 1.4 2013/08/24 16:06:12 zhuk Exp $
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2010 Marc Espie <espie@openbsd.org>
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
.\" WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
.\" ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
.\" WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
.\" ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
.\" OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"
.Dd $Mdocdate: August 24 2013 $
.Dt CHECK-CONFLICTS 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm check-conflicts
.Nd verify conflicts between packages
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm check-conflicts
.Op Fl v
.Op Fl d Ar plist_dir
.Op Fl p ports_dir
.Op Ar pkgname ...
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
is used to check a collection of packages for unregistered conflicts.
A conflict is a file that belongs to two distinct packages.
Common directories are not a problem.
.Pp
By default, packages with the same stem
.Po
see
.Xr packages-specs 7
.Pc
are registered to conflict.
This can be changed to add or remove extra conflict registration with
.Cm @option no-default-conflict
or
.Cm @conflict
.Po
see
.Xr package-create 1
.Pc .
.Pp
Conflicts between packages mean that a user can't have both packages installed
at the same time.
In some cases (same software, different version), this is expected, but
the packages should be marked as conflicting, so that
.Xr pkg_add 1
knows how to deal with it.
In other cases, this is an oversight from the ports maintainer, and action
should be taken to make sure both packages can be installed simultaneously.
Conflicts also interact with dependencies, and sometimes a missing dependency
will show up as an unregistered conflict.
.Nm
requires a set of packing-lists to operate, which it can obtain from the
package itself, or from external sources.
.Pp
Options are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width packing-list
.It Fl v
Be verbose
.It Fl d Ar plist-dir
Scan directory
.Ar plist-dir
for packing-lists
.Po
see the description of
.Ev PLIST_DB
in
.Xr bsd.port.mk 5
.Pc .
.It Fl p Ar portsdir
Traverse the ports directory for packing-lists, using
.Ar print-plist-all .
More than one directory could be specified by delimiting them by colon,
e.g.:
.Pa /usr/ports/x11/kde:/usr/ports/x11/kde4 .
.El
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr pkg_add 1 ,
.Xr pkg_create 1 ,
.Xr bsd.port.mk 5 ,
.Xr packages-specs 7
