.\"	$OpenBSD: check-lib-depends.1,v 1.1 2010/08/20 15:50:56 espie Exp $
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2010 Marc Espie <espie@openbsd.org>
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
.\" WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
.\" ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
.\" WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
.\" ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
.\" OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"
.Dd $Mdocdate: August 20 2010 $
.Dt CHECK-LIB-DEPENDS 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm check-lib-depends
.Nd scan port for shared libraries
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm check-lib-depends
.Op Fl B Ar destdir
.Op Fl d Ar pkgrepo
.Op Fl f
.Op Fl o
.Op Fl O Ar dest
.Op Fl s Ar source
.Op Ar package ...
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
scans a port or package for shared libraries, and verify that all of them
are properly recorded.
.Pp
.Nm
can either scan files from a built port after the
.Ar fake stage
from the
.Ev WRKINST
directory, or look directly inside a
.Ar package .
.Pp
Likewise, it can also verify dependencies off installed packages,
or figure them out directly from the port directory.
.Pp
.Nm
actually consists of two distinct stages:
.Bl -bullet
.It
scan all binaries inside a package to extract libraries and rpaths,
using
.Xr objdump 1
or
.Xr ldd 1 .
.It
compare those libraries against the port's registered dependencies
and report problems.
.El
.Pp
The options are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width keyword
.It Fl B Ar destdir
scan files under
.Ar destdir .
.If Fl d Ar pkgrepo
look for all needed packages under directory
.Ar pkgrepo .
.It Fl f
give full reports of every file that requires a missing library.
.It Fl o
scan binaries using
.Xr ldd 1 ,
which also works for old a.out binaries,
instead of
.Xr objdump 1 ,
which only works for ELF.
.It Fl O Ar dest
save result of first stage in file
.Ar dest .
.It Fl s Ar src
do not scan, directly read result of first stage from file
.Ar src .
.El
.Pp
If no
.Ar package
is given,
.Nm
will retrieve the packing-list from stdin, and scan the package according
to other options.
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr ldd 1 ,
.Xr objdump 1 ,
.Xr bsd.port.mk 5
