.\"	$OpenBSD: make-plist.1,v 1.3 2013/09/15 09:56:21 rpe Exp $
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2010 Marc Espie <espie@openbsd.org>
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
.\" WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
.\" ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
.\" WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
.\" ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
.\" OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"
.Dd $Mdocdate: September 15 2013 $
.Dt MAKE-PLIST 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm make-plist
.Nd create or update packing-list(s) for a given port.
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm make-plist
.Ar var=value ...
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
is a helper script for the target
.Ar update-plist
in
.Xr bsd.port.mk 5 .
.Pp
.Nm
looks in
.Ev MULTI_PACKAGES
to know which packing-lists to regenerate,
the corresponding filenames are passed as variable assignments
.Ar PLIST-sub=filename .
.Pp
.Nm
will scan all files under
.Ev DESTDIR
and dispatch them into corresponding subpackages, according to
.Ev PREFIX-sub=directory .
.Pp
.Nm
is usually run as root to be able to thoroughly scan
.Ev DESTDIR .
However, it switches back to
.Ev OWNER
and
.Ev GROUP
before writing new packing-lists.
.Pp
.Nm
will avoid reporting files in
.Ev OKAY_FILES
.Po
used for storing cookies generated under
.Pa ${WRKINST}
by
.Ar fake
.Pc .
.Pp
By default, files and directories will end up in the main subpackage,
unless there already exists packing-lists, in which case
.Nm
will dispatch them to the most likely packing-list.
.Pp
.Nm
will also scan dependencies for those packages, in order to strip common
directories.
Those are passed as
.Ar DEPPATH-sub=list ,
a list of
.Ev FULLPKGPATH
for each subpackage.
These may require
.Bd -literal -offset indent
make print-list
.Ed
.Pp
to be run to figure out common directories.
.Pp
Variables from
.Ev SUBST_VARS
should be
back-substituted into the regenerated packing-lists,
and so should be passed as
.Ar var=value
on the command line.
.Pp
Shared libraries versions will also be backsubstituted.
In addition,
.Nm
will complain if it doesn't find the corresponding
.Ar LIBname_VERSION=value
assignment.
.Pp
.Nm
will separate shared files fragments unless
.Ev SHARED_ONLY
is set.
.Pp
.Nm
also has limited understanding of existing fragments, and will try to
dispatch entries to the most likely fragment.
.Pp
Existing packing-lists are scanned for non-file entries, such as
.Cm newuser ,
.Cm mode ,
or
.Cm exec
markers.
Those will be inserted into the updated packing-lists at the most likely
position.
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr pkg_add 1 ,
.Xr pkg_create 1 ,
.Xr bsd.port.mk 5 .
.Sh BUGS
.Nm
might be the most complicated piece of the ports infrastructure.
It tries its best at doing something which is definitely not trivial,
so it will require manual intervention in specific cases.
It is especially bad at figuring common directories in inter-dependent
subpackages.
