.\"	$OpenBSD: proot.1,v 1.9 2016/05/15 11:09:47 espie Exp $
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2016 Marc Espie <espie@openbsd.org>
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
.\" WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
.\" ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
.\" WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
.\" ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
.\" OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"
.Dd $Mdocdate: May 15 2016 $
.Dt PROOT 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm proot
.Nd ports chroot builder
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm proot
.Bk -words
.Op Fl B Ar chroot
.Op Fl c Ar configfile
.Op Fl S Ar srcroot
.Op Ar key Ns = Ns Ar value ...
.Ek
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
can fill up a chroot directory for ports building usage.
It will perform a set of
.Cm actions
that should fill up a destination
.Fl B Ar chroot
from the base system
.Po
or an optional
.Fl S Ar srcroot
.Pc .
.Pp
As far as possible,
.Nm
will create hardlinks instead of copying files, so that cloning an existing
chroot will often only consume i-nodes.
.Pp
Attribute values can be specified on the command line
.Ar key Ns = Ns Ar value .
Some attribute take several values.
As a shorthand, several values can be specified in a row without having
to repeat the
.Ar key ,
for instance:
.Bd -literal -offset indent
.Nm Fl B Ar /build Ar actions Ns = Ns Ar unpopulate_light Ar check_symlinks
.Ed
.Pp
A
.Fl c Ar configfile
mostly contains one key=value per line, with comments starting
with a #.
.Pp
Possible actions (in order of execution) are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width Dssssssssssss -compact -offset indent
.It Cm check_mount
Verify the state of mount points in the system, specifically whether
the chroot area is not nodev.
.It Cm unpopulate
Remove everything from the chroot, apart from known preserved areas
.Po marked with
.Ar preserve
.Pc
or other mountpoints.
.It Cm snapshot
Copy things from a
.Ar snapshot ,
to retrieve from an url, or from the local filesystem
.It Cm locate
Copy things from the base system, perusing the system locate databases.
.It Cm resolv
Copy the system
.Pa resolv.conf
and
.Pa hosts
files
.It Cm unpopulate_light
Remove everything from the chroot, apart from known preserved areas
.Po marked with
.Ar preserve
.Pc
or other mountpoints,
and stuff copied over during
.Cm locate ,
.Cm snapshot
or
.Cm resolv .
.It Cm devs
Regenerate devices using
.Xr MAKEDEV 8
.It Cm ldconfig
Rerun
.Xr ldconfig 8
.It Cm copy_ports
Copy the ports tree
.It Cm checkout_ports
Check out a ports tree from cvs using a provided
.Ar portscvs
location .
.It Cm copy_sys
Copy system include files (deprecated).
.It Cm ports_subdirs
Create ports infrastructure subdirs, according to users required for
.Xr dpb 1 .
If
.Ar chown_all
is set to 1,
.Xr chown 2
any content within to the appropriate users.
.It Cm stragglers
Double-check filled up chroot for files we don't know about.
.It Cm write_mk
If some directory values are different from the default,
write a skeleton
.Pa mk.conf
file.
.It Cm check_symlinks
Report absolute symlinks that exist under the
.Ar chroot ,
white-listing known base system links.
.El
.Pp
By default,
.Nm
will run
.Cm check_mount , devs , ldconfig , ports_subdirs , resolv , write_mk .
It will also run
.Cm snapshot
if a snapshot location is provided,
or
.Cm locate
otherwise.
.Pp
Add actions with
.Ar actions Ns = Ns value ,
remove them with
.Ar actions Ns = Ns - Ns value .
.Pp
Other attributes are:
.Bl -tag -width Dssssssssss -offset indent -compact
.It Ar chroot
same as
.Fl B Ar chroot
.It Ar srcroot
same as
.Fl S Ar srcroot
.It Ar PORT_USER
Who the ports tree should belong to
.It Ar BUILD_USER
Who to build as (defaults to _pbuild)
.It Ar FETCH_USER
Who to fetch as (defaults to _pfetch)
.It Ar LOG_USER
Who to write log as
.Po
defaults to
.Ar BUILD_USER
.Pc
.It Ar PORTSDIR
.It Ar DISTDIR
.It Ar PACKAGE_REPOSITORY
.It Ar PLIST_DB
.It Ar LOCKDIR
.It Ar WRKOBJDIR
same as in
.Xr bsd.port.mk 5
.Pp
.It Ar chown_all
set to 1 to have action
.Cm ports_subdirs
change owners of every content.
.It Ar extra
extra file to copy into the
.Ar chroot
.It Ar key
Name of a
.Xr signify 1
signing key.
Just give the stem, as in
.Ar key Ns = Ns stem .
This will copy
.Pa /etc/signify/stem-pkg.{pub,sec}
and set
.Va SIGNING_PARAMETERS
in generated
.Pa /etc/mk.conf
accordingly.
.It Ar mkconf_tail
Add file to the generated
.Pa /etc/mk.conf
.It Ar preserve
Supplemental directory to preserve during
.Cm unpopulate .
.It Ar sets
Add or remove sets compared to the default list required to build ports
(defaults to base comp etc xbase xfont xshare xetc).
.It Ar snapshot
Location of snapshot for the
.Cm snapshot
action.
.It Ar portscvs
Where to get a ports snapshot for the
.Cm checkout_ports
action.
.El
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr dpb 1 ,
.Xr chroot 8
.Sh AUTHOR
Marc Espie
