.\"	$OpenBSD: update-patches.1,v 1.3 2015/07/23 08:05:18 bentley Exp $
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2010 Marc Espie <espie@openbsd.org>
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
.\" WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
.\" ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
.\" WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
.\" ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
.\" OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"
.Dd $Mdocdate: July 23 2015 $
.Dt UPDATE-PATCHES 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm update-patches
.Nd create or update patches for a given port.
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm update-patches
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
is a helper script for the target
.Ar update-patches
in
.Xr bsd.port.mk 5 .
It takes no argument, but uses quite a few environment variables as
implicit parameters.
.Pp
.Nm
looks under
.Ev WRKDIST
for patched files.
Those are files with extension
.Ev PATCHORIG ,
except for those matching also
.Ev DISTORIG .
.Pp
Once those files are found, they are matched against the contents of
directory
.Ev PATCHDIR ,
most specifically files matching wildcard
.Ev PATCH_LIST .
Matching files are regenerated using
.Pp
.Dl $ diff -u -p -a ${DIFF_ARGS} $file$PATCHORIG $file
.Pp
and compared.
Modified patches are updated and reported, new patches are generated,
and old patches that no longer seem to exist are also reported.
.Pp
.Nm
patches with problematic
.Xr cvs 1
keywords are also reported.
.Pp
.Nm
prints the list of changed patches for further study.
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr cvs 1 ,
.Xr diff 1 ,
.Xr patch 1
