.\"	$OpenBSD: show-reverse-deps.1,v 1.3 2020/06/11 19:55:15 espie Exp $
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2020 Marc Espie <espie@openbsd.org>
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
.\" WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
.\" ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
.\" WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
.\" ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
.\" OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"
.Dd $Mdocdate: June 11 2020 $
.Dt SHOW-REVERSE-DEPS 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm show-reverse-deps
.Nd show reverse dependencies for a given port
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm show-reverse-deps
.Op Fl ftv
.Op Fl d Ar database
.Ar pkgpath
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
quickly computes all ports dependent on a given port through a recursive sql
query to
.Pa sqlports .
.Pp
The
.Ar pkgpath
parameter should normally be the fullpkgpath of the port to depend on.
.Pp
Options are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width flagdatabase
.It Fl d Ar database
Choose an sqlite3 database other than the default
.Pa ${TRUEPREFIX}/share/sqlports .
.It Fl f
Fuzzy matching, show dependencies for any path which contains the
.Ar pkgpath
parameter.
.It Fl t
Also include test dependencies.
By default, only other types of dependencies are considered.
.It Fl v
Show verbose results: instead of a list of pkgpath, show every
dependency in the form "fullpkgpath|dependspath|TYPE", where TYPE
is one of 
.Ev LIB_DEPENDS , RUN_DEPENDS , BUILD_DEPENDS , TEST_DEPENDS .
Results can be rather large!
.El
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr sqlite3 1
