.\"	$OpenBSD: sqlports.5,v 1.4 2020/07/07 10:53:27 espie Exp $
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2020 Marc Espie <espie@openbsd.org>
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
.\" WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
.\" ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
.\" WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
.\" ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
.\" OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"
.Dd $Mdocdate: July 7 2020 $
.Dt SQLPORTS 5
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm sqlports
.Nd sqlite database for ports meta information
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
is built as a port by parsing the output of
.Li make dump-vars
over the full ports tree.
.Pp
The database contains tables for automated tools, along with nice views
for human consumption.
.Pp
Table names are prefixed with underscore, .e.g,
.Sq _Ports
contrary to views, e.g.,
.Sq Paths .
.Pp
Tables are as follows:
.Bl -tag -offset indent -width keyword
.It _Paths (ID, FULLPKGPATH, PKGPATH, CANONICAL)
PKGPATH points to a PATHS entry corresponding to the stripped down version of 
FULLPKGPATH, without flavors or subpackage markers, or is null if FULLPKGPATH
is already stripped.  
Every other FULLPKGPATH, PKGPATH, DEPENDSPATH entry
in the database points to this table.
The FULLPKGPATH is complete, including flavors and pseudo flavors markers. 
For every port with MULTI_PACKAGES settings, one entry is written 
for each SUBPACKAGE.
CANONICAL points to the actual ID to use as an entry in other tables, for
FULLPKGPATH which don't have their own entry.
.It _Ports(FULLPKGPATH, ...)
holds all the information retrieved through various variables that is not
stored in specialized tables, e.g.,:
.Bl -tag -width AUTOMAKE_VERSION -offset indent -compact
.It AUTOCONF_VERSION
.It AUTOMAKE_VERSION 
.It COMES_WITH
.It COMMENT 
.It COMPILER
.It COMPILER_LANGS
.It DISTFILES 
.It DISTNAME 
.It DIST_SUBDIR 
.It EPOCH
.It FIX_EXTRACT_PERMISSIONS
.It FULLPKGNAME
.It GH_*
.It HOMEPAGE 
.It IGNORE
.It IS_INTERACTIVE 
.It MAINTAINER
.It NO_*
.It PATCHFILES
.It PERMIT_*
.It PKGNAME 
.It PKGSPEC
.It PKGSTEM
.It PKG_ARCH 
.It PORTROACH
.It PORTROACH_COMMENT
.It PREFIX
.It PSEUDO_FLAVOR
.It REVISION
.It SEPARATE_BUILD
.It STATIC_PLIST
.It SUBPACKAGE
.It SUPDISTFILES
.It TEST_IS_INTERACTIVE 
.It UPDATE_PLIST_ARGS
.It USE_*
.El
Some of this information is stored as indexes in keyword tables,
and Yes/No variables have been replaced with 1/0.
Variables not present in a given port are left undefined.
.Pp
Specifically, AUTOCONF_VERSION and AUTOMAKE_VERSION reference _AutoVersion,
MAINTAINER references _EMail, PERMIT_DISTFILES and SEPARATE_BUILD 
reference _Keywords2, PKG_ARCH references _Arch, and PREFIX references _Prefix.
Note that USE_LIBTOOL is 3-valued: 2 is gnu, 1 is yes, undef is no.
Note that USE_WXNEEDED is 3-valued: 2 is special, 1 is yes, undef is no.
.Pp
MULTI_PACKAGES ports hold several entries with corresponding FULLPKGPATH
(after canonicalisation).
.It _Flavors(FULLPKGPATH, VALUE, N)
.It _PseudoFlavors(FULLPKGPATH, VALUE, N)
.It _Categories(FULLPKGPATH, VALUE, N)
.It _Multi(FULLPKGPATH, VALUE, SUBPKGPATH, N)
No values are stored for SUBPKGPATH=-.
.It _Modules(FULLPKGPATH, VALUE, N)
.It _Configure(FULLPKGPATH, VALUE, N)
Corresponds to CONFIGURE_STYLE
.It _ConfigureArgs(FULLPKGPATH, VALUE, N, QUOTETYPE)
.It _MasterSites(FULLPKGPATH, N, VALUE)
.It _Makefiles(FULLPKGPATH, VALUE, N)
This tables contains only Makefiles from MAKE_FILE_LIST that are not
.Sq default values
(always included makefiles).
.It _NotForArch(FULLPKGPATH, VALUE, N)
.It _OnlyForArch(FULLPKGPATH, VALUE, N)
All of these variable values are actually ordered lists (hence the N).
.Pp
Each keyword table follows the same scheme
TABLENAME(KEYREF, VALUE)
.It _Depends(FULLPKGPATH, FULLDEPENDS, PKGSPEC, REST, DEPENDSPATH, TYPE, N)
All depends are stored in a single table, the type is
.Bl -tag -width 10 -offset indent -compact
.It 0
LIB_DEPENDS
.It 1
RUN_DEPENDS
.It 2
BUILD_DEPENDS
.It 3
TEST_DEPENDS
.El
FULLDEPENDS is the full text of the dependency, which parses as DEPENDSPATH,
the actual PKGPATH we depend upon, PKGSPEC, the spec we depend upon 
(if explicit), and REST the remainder of the text (things like :configure and
such).
.It _Distfiles(FULLPKGPATH, VALUE, N, Type)
All distfiles/supdistfiles are stored in a single table, with Type
.Bl -tag -width 10 -offset indent -compact
.It 0
distfiles
.It 1 
.It 2
supdistfiles
.El
Note that N is :N from mastersites, those are not considered ordered lists.
.It _DPBProperties (FULLPKGPATH, VALUE, N)
.It _Wantlib(FULLPKGPATH, VALUE, EXTRA)
All the libraries the FULLPKGPATH depends upon, with optional version 
number specification stored in EXTRA
coming from the WANTLIB variable.
.It _Multi(FULLPKGPATH, VALUE, SUBPKGPATH, N)
also contains the normalized pkgpath for the corresponding subpackage.
.It _PkgPaths(FULLPKGPATH, Value, N)
all build_packages associated to a fullpkgpath.
.It _Broken(FULLPKGPATH, ARCH, TEXT)
.It _Shared_Libs(FULLPKGPATH, LIBNAME, VERSION)
.It _SubstVars(FULLPKGPATH, VALUE, N)
.It _TARGETS(FULLPKGPATH, VALUE)
.El
Some information, both in the main table and in secondary tables 
is stored as keyword references to other tables:
.Bl -tag -width AUTOMAKE_VERSIONblablabla -offset indent -compact
.It AUTOCONF_VERSION , AUTOMAKE_VERSION
_AUTOVERSION
.It _DPBProperties.value 
_DPBKeys
.It MAINTAINER 
_EMAIL
.It CATEGORIES 
_CATEGORYKEYS
.It CONFIGURE 
_CONFIGURE_KEYS
.It MAKEFILES 
_FILENAMES
.It MODULES
_MODULEKEYS
.It PREFIX 
_PREFIX
.It _WANTLIB.VALUE , _SHARED_LIBS.LIBNAME 
_LIBRARY
.It PERMIT_* , SEPARATE_BUILD 
_KEYWORDS2
.It FLAVORS , PSEUDO_FLAVORS 
_KEYWORDS
.It NOT_FOR_ARCHS , ONLY_FOR_ARCHS , PKG_ARCH 
_ARCH
.It _SubstVars.value
_substvarskey
.It TARGETS 
_TARGETKEYS
.It _Distfiles.value 
_Fetchfiles
.El
A few views are provided for convenience while building complex requests.
.Bl -bullet -offset indent
.It 
Ports:
contains all info from _ports and from secondary tables with indices 
replaced with text values.
.It
* Depends_ordered, Categories_ordered, CompilerLinks_Ordered,
Configureargs_ordered, Configure_ordered, DPBProperties_ordered,
Flavors_ordered, Makefiles_ordered, Modules_ordered, NotForArch_ordered,
OnlyforArch_ordered, PkgPaths_ordered, PseudoFlavors_ordered,
SubstVars_ordered, Targets_ordered, distfiles_ordered, wantlib_ordered: 
reconstituted lists of text values as a single string from the 
corresponding table.
.It
each "keyword" list also has a corresponding view, e.g.,
_BROKEN -> BROKEN (PathId, FULLPKGPATH, Arch, Value)
with text fields, and PathId still the index entry for the fullpkgpath,
suitable for further joins.
.It
canonical_depends: fullpkgpath/dependspath/dependstype from _depends but
normalized as canonical paths.
.El
.Pp
The database also contains a caching table named
.Sq PortsQ
that contains the actual data from the
.Sq Ports
view.
.Sh EXAMPLES
Looking at the details of a view:
.Bd -literal -offset indent
sqlite> .schema depends 
CREATE VIEW Depends AS
    SELECT
        _Paths.Id AS PathId,
        _Paths.FullPkgPath AS FullPkgPath,
        FullDepends,
        PkgSpec,
        Rest,
        T0001.FullPkgpath AS DependsPath,
        Type,
        N
    FROM _Depends
        JOIN _Paths
            ON _Paths.Canonical=_Depends.FullPkgPath
        JOIN _Paths T0001
            ON T0001.Canonical=DependsPath
/* Depends(PathId,FullPkgPath,FullDepends,PkgSpec,Rest,DependsPath,Type,N) */;
.Ed
List the fullpkgpaths of leaf ports (not a dependency of anything):
.Bd -literal -offset indent
sqlite> select distinct fullpkgpath from _paths where pkgpath not in 
    (select pkgpath from _paths 
    	join _depends on _depends.dependspath=_paths.id);
.Ed
.Sh BUGS AND LIMITATIONS
The optimizer in
.Xr sqlite 1
doesn't care for non-standard constructs such as
.Sq group_concat
and doesn't optimize left joins away when it should,
so even if you don't ask for agregated columns in the
.Sq Ports
view, it will compute them irregardless.
Hence the
.Sq PortsQ
cache.
.Sh FILES
.Pa ${TRUEPREFIX}/share/sqlports
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr sqlite3 1
