@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST,v 1.51 2021/10/06 07:37:02 espie Exp $
bin/gimp
@bin bin/gimp-2.10
bin/gimp-console
@bin bin/gimp-console-2.10
@bin bin/gimp-test-clipboard-2.0
@bin bin/gimptool-2.0
include/gimp-2.0/
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimp.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimp_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimp_pdb_headers.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpaspectpreview.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpbrush_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpbrushes.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpbrushes_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpbrushmenu.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpbrushselect.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpbrushselect_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpbrushselectbutton.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpbuffer_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpchannel.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpchannel_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpcolor_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpcontext_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpdebug_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpdisplay_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpdrawable.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpdrawable_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpdrawablecolor_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpdrawableedit_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpdrawablepreview.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpdrawabletransform_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpdynamics_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpedit.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpedit_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpenums.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpexport.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpfileops_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpfloatingsel_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpfontmenu.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpfonts_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpfontselect.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpfontselect_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpfontselectbutton.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpgimprc.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpgimprc_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpgradient_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpgradientmenu.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpgradients.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpgradients_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpgradientselect.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpgradientselect_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpgradientselectbutton.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimphelp_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpimage.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpimage_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpimagecolorprofile.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpimagecolorprofile_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpimagecombobox.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpimageconvert_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpimagegrid_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpimageguides_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpimagemetadata.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpimagesamplepoints_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpimageselect_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpimagetransform_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpimageundo_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpitem_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpitemcombobox.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpitemtransform_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimplayer.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimplayer_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpmenu.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpmessage_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimppainttools_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimppalette.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimppalette_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimppalettemenu.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimppalettes.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimppalettes_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimppaletteselect.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimppaletteselect_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimppaletteselectbutton.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimppaths_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimppattern_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimppatternmenu.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimppatterns.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimppatterns_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimppatternselect.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimppatternselect_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimppatternselectbutton.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimppixbuf.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimppixelfetcher.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimppixelrgn.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpplugin.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpplugin_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpprocbrowserdialog.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpproceduraldb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpproceduraldb_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpprocview.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpprogress.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpprogress_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpprogressbar.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpregioniterator.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpselectbutton.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpselection.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpselection_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpselectiontools_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimptextlayer_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimptexttool_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimptile.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimptransformtools_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimptypes.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpui.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpuitypes.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpunit_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpvectors.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpvectors_pdb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimp/gimpzoompreview.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpbase/
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpbase/gimpbase.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpbase/gimpbaseenums.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpbase/gimpbasetypes.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpbase/gimpchecks.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpbase/gimpcpuaccel.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpbase/gimpdatafiles.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpbase/gimpenv.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpbase/gimplimits.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpbase/gimpmemsize.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpbase/gimpmetadata.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpbase/gimpparam.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpbase/gimpparasite.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpbase/gimpparasiteio.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpbase/gimprectangle.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpbase/gimpsignal.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpbase/gimpunit.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpbase/gimputils.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpbase/gimpvaluearray.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpbase/gimpversion.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpcolor/
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpcolor/gimpadaptivesupersample.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpcolor/gimpbilinear.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpcolor/gimpcairo.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpcolor/gimpcmyk.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpcolor/gimpcolor.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpcolor/gimpcolormanaged.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpcolor/gimpcolorprofile.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpcolor/gimpcolorspace.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpcolor/gimpcolortransform.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpcolor/gimpcolortypes.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpcolor/gimphsl.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpcolor/gimphsv.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpcolor/gimppixbuf.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpcolor/gimprgb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpconfig/
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpconfig/gimpcolorconfig.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpconfig/gimpconfig-deserialize.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpconfig/gimpconfig-error.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpconfig/gimpconfig-iface.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpconfig/gimpconfig-params.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpconfig/gimpconfig-path.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpconfig/gimpconfig-serialize.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpconfig/gimpconfig-utils.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpconfig/gimpconfig.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpconfig/gimpconfigenums.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpconfig/gimpconfigtypes.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpconfig/gimpconfigwriter.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpconfig/gimpscanner.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpmath/
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpmath/gimpmath.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpmath/gimpmathtypes.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpmath/gimpmatrix.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpmath/gimpmd5.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpmath/gimpvector.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpmodule/
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpmodule/gimpmodule.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpmodule/gimpmoduledb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpmodule/gimpmoduletypes.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpthumb/
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpthumb/gimpthumb-enums.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpthumb/gimpthumb-error.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpthumb/gimpthumb-types.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpthumb/gimpthumb-utils.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpthumb/gimpthumb.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpthumb/gimpthumbnail.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimp3migration.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpbrowser.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpbusybox.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpbutton.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpcairo-utils.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpcellrenderercolor.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpcellrenderertoggle.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpchainbutton.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpcolorarea.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpcolorbutton.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpcolordisplay.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpcolordisplaystack.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpcolorhexentry.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpcolornotebook.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpcolorprofilechooserdialog.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpcolorprofilecombobox.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpcolorprofilestore.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpcolorprofileview.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpcolorscale.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpcolorscales.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpcolorselect.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpcolorselection.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpcolorselector.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpcontroller.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpdialog.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpenumcombobox.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpenumlabel.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpenumstore.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpenumwidgets.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpfileentry.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpframe.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimphelpui.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimphintbox.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpicons.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpintcombobox.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpintstore.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpmemsizeentry.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpnumberpairentry.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpoffsetarea.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpoldwidgets.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimppageselector.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimppatheditor.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimppickbutton.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimppixmap.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimppreview.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimppreviewarea.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimppropwidgets.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpquerybox.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpruler.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpscaleentry.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpscrolledpreview.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpsizeentry.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpspinbutton.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpstringcombobox.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpunitcombobox.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpunitmenu.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpunitstore.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpwidgets-error.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpwidgets.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpwidgetsenums.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpwidgetstypes.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpwidgetsutils.h
include/gimp-2.0/libgimpwidgets/gimpzoommodel.h
lib/gimp/
lib/gimp/2.0/
lib/gimp/2.0/environ/
lib/gimp/2.0/environ/default.env
lib/gimp/2.0/environ/pygimp.env
lib/gimp/2.0/interpreters/
lib/gimp/2.0/interpreters/default.interp
lib/gimp/2.0/interpreters/pygimp.interp
lib/gimp/2.0/modules/
@static-lib lib/gimp/2.0/modules/libcolor-selector-cmyk.a
lib/gimp/2.0/modules/libcolor-selector-cmyk.la
@so lib/gimp/2.0/modules/libcolor-selector-cmyk.so
@static-lib lib/gimp/2.0/modules/libcolor-selector-water.a
lib/gimp/2.0/modules/libcolor-selector-water.la
@so lib/gimp/2.0/modules/libcolor-selector-water.so
@static-lib lib/gimp/2.0/modules/libcolor-selector-wheel.a
lib/gimp/2.0/modules/libcolor-selector-wheel.la
@so lib/gimp/2.0/modules/libcolor-selector-wheel.so
@static-lib lib/gimp/2.0/modules/libcontroller-midi.a
lib/gimp/2.0/modules/libcontroller-midi.la
@so lib/gimp/2.0/modules/libcontroller-midi.so
@static-lib lib/gimp/2.0/modules/libdisplay-filter-clip-warning.a
lib/gimp/2.0/modules/libdisplay-filter-clip-warning.la
@so lib/gimp/2.0/modules/libdisplay-filter-clip-warning.so
@static-lib lib/gimp/2.0/modules/libdisplay-filter-color-blind.a
lib/gimp/2.0/modules/libdisplay-filter-color-blind.la
@so lib/gimp/2.0/modules/libdisplay-filter-color-blind.so
@static-lib lib/gimp/2.0/modules/libdisplay-filter-gamma.a
lib/gimp/2.0/modules/libdisplay-filter-gamma.la
@so lib/gimp/2.0/modules/libdisplay-filter-gamma.so
@static-lib lib/gimp/2.0/modules/libdisplay-filter-high-contrast.a
lib/gimp/2.0/modules/libdisplay-filter-high-contrast.la
@so lib/gimp/2.0/modules/libdisplay-filter-high-contrast.so
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/align-layers/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/align-layers/align-layers
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/animation-optimize/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/animation-optimize/animation-optimize
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/animation-play/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/animation-play/animation-play
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/blinds/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/blinds/blinds
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/blur/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/blur/blur
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/border-average/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/border-average/border-average
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/busy-dialog/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/busy-dialog/busy-dialog
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/cartoon/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/cartoon/cartoon
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/checkerboard/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/checkerboard/checkerboard
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/cml-explorer/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/cml-explorer/cml-explorer
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/color-cube-analyze/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/color-cube-analyze/color-cube-analyze
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/color-enhance/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/color-enhance/color-enhance
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/colorify/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/colorify/colorify
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/colormap-remap/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/colormap-remap/colormap-remap
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/colorxhtml/
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/colorxhtml/colorxhtml.py
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/colorxhtml/colorxhtml.pyc
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/compose/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/compose/compose
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/contrast-retinex/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/contrast-retinex/contrast-retinex
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/crop-zealous/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/crop-zealous/crop-zealous
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/curve-bend/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/curve-bend/curve-bend
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/decompose/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/decompose/decompose
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/depth-merge/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/depth-merge/depth-merge
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/despeckle/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/despeckle/despeckle
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/destripe/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/destripe/destripe
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/edge-dog/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/edge-dog/edge-dog
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/emboss/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/emboss/emboss
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-aa/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-aa/file-aa
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-bmp/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-bmp/file-bmp
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-cel/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-cel/file-cel
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-compressor/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-compressor/file-compressor
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-csource/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-csource/file-csource
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-darktable/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-darktable/file-darktable
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-dds/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-dds/file-dds
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-desktop-link/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-desktop-link/file-desktop-link
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-dicom/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-dicom/file-dicom
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-exr/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-exr/file-exr
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-faxg3/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-faxg3/file-faxg3
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-fits/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-fits/file-fits
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-fli/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-fli/file-fli
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-gbr/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-gbr/file-gbr
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-gegl/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-gegl/file-gegl
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-gif-load/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-gif-load/file-gif-load
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-gif-save/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-gif-save/file-gif-save
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-gih/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-gih/file-gih
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-glob/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-glob/file-glob
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-header/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-header/file-header
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-heif/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-heif/file-heif
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-html-table/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-html-table/file-html-table
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-ico/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-ico/file-ico
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-jp2-load/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-jp2-load/file-jp2-load
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-jpeg/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-jpeg/file-jpeg
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-mng/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-mng/file-mng
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-openraster/
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-openraster/file-openraster.py
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-openraster/file-openraster.pyc
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-pat/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-pat/file-pat
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-pcx/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-pcx/file-pcx
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-pdf-load/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-pdf-load/file-pdf-load
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-pdf-save/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-pdf-save/file-pdf-save
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-pix/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-pix/file-pix
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-png/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-png/file-png
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-pnm/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-pnm/file-pnm
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-ps/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-ps/file-ps
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-psd/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-psd/file-psd
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-psp/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-psp/file-psp
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-raw-data/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-raw-data/file-raw-data
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-raw-placeholder/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-raw-placeholder/file-raw-placeholder
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-rawtherapee/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-rawtherapee/file-rawtherapee
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-sgi/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-sgi/file-sgi
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-sunras/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-sunras/file-sunras
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-svg/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-svg/file-svg
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-tga/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-tga/file-tga
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-tiff/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-tiff/file-tiff
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-webp/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-webp/file-webp
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-wmf/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-wmf/file-wmf
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-xbm/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-xbm/file-xbm
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-xmc/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-xmc/file-xmc
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-xpm/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-xpm/file-xpm
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-xwd/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/file-xwd/file-xwd
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/film/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/film/film
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/filter-pack/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/filter-pack/filter-pack
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/flame/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/flame/flame
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/foggify/
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/foggify/foggify.py
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/foggify/foggify.pyc
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/fractal-explorer/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/fractal-explorer/fractal-explorer
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/fractal-trace/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/fractal-trace/fractal-trace
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/gfig/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/gfig/gfig
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/gimpressionist/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/gimpressionist/gimpressionist
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/goat-exercise/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/goat-exercise/goat-exercise
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/gradient-flare/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/gradient-flare/gradient-flare
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/gradient-map/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/gradient-map/gradient-map
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/gradients-save-as-css/
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/gradients-save-as-css/gradients-save-as-css.py
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/gradients-save-as-css/gradients-save-as-css.pyc
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/grid/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/grid/grid
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/guillotine/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/guillotine/guillotine
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/help/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/help/help
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/histogram-export/
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/histogram-export/histogram-export.py
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/histogram-export/histogram-export.pyc
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/hot/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/hot/hot
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/ifs-compose/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/ifs-compose/ifs-compose
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/imagemap/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/imagemap/imagemap
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/jigsaw/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/jigsaw/jigsaw
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/lighting/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/lighting/lighting
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/mail/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/mail/mail
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/map-object/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/map-object/map-object
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/max-rgb/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/max-rgb/max-rgb
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/metadata-editor/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/metadata-editor/metadata-editor
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/metadata-viewer/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/metadata-viewer/metadata-viewer
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/nl-filter/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/nl-filter/nl-filter
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/pagecurl/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/pagecurl/pagecurl
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/palette-offset/
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/palette-offset/palette-offset.py
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/palette-offset/palette-offset.pyc
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/palette-sort/
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/palette-sort/palette-sort.py
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/palette-sort/palette-sort.pyc
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/palette-to-gradient/
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/palette-to-gradient/palette-to-gradient.py
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/palette-to-gradient/palette-to-gradient.pyc
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/photocopy/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/photocopy/photocopy
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/plugin-browser/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/plugin-browser/plugin-browser
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/print/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/print/print
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/procedure-browser/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/procedure-browser/procedure-browser
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/py-slice/
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/py-slice/py-slice.py
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/py-slice/py-slice.pyc
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/python-console/
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/python-console/pyconsole.py
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/python-console/pyconsole.pyc
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/python-console/python-console.py
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/python-console/python-console.pyc
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/python-eval/
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/python-eval/python-eval.py
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/python-eval/python-eval.pyc
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/qbist/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/qbist/qbist
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/sample-colorize/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/sample-colorize/sample-colorize
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/screenshot/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/screenshot/screenshot
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/script-fu/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/script-fu/script-fu
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/selection-to-path/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/selection-to-path/selection-to-path
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/sharpen/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/sharpen/sharpen
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/smooth-palette/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/smooth-palette/smooth-palette
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/softglow/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/softglow/softglow
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/sparkle/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/sparkle/sparkle
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/sphere-designer/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/sphere-designer/sphere-designer
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/spyro_plus/
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/spyro_plus/spyro_plus.py
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/spyro_plus/spyro_plus.pyc
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/tile/
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/tile-small/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/tile-small/tile-small
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/tile/tile
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/unit-editor/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/unit-editor/unit-editor
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/van-gogh-lic/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/van-gogh-lic/van-gogh-lic
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/warp/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/warp/warp
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/wavelet-decompose/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/wavelet-decompose/wavelet-decompose
lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/web-browser/
@bin lib/gimp/2.0/plug-ins/web-browser/web-browser
lib/gimp/2.0/python/
lib/gimp/2.0/python/_gimpenums.a
lib/gimp/2.0/python/_gimpenums.la
@so lib/gimp/2.0/python/_gimpenums.so
lib/gimp/2.0/python/_gimpui.a
lib/gimp/2.0/python/_gimpui.la
@so lib/gimp/2.0/python/_gimpui.so
lib/gimp/2.0/python/gimp.a
lib/gimp/2.0/python/gimp.la
@so lib/gimp/2.0/python/gimp.so
lib/gimp/2.0/python/gimpcolor.a
lib/gimp/2.0/python/gimpcolor.la
@so lib/gimp/2.0/python/gimpcolor.so
lib/gimp/2.0/python/gimpenums.py
lib/gimp/2.0/python/gimpenums.pyc
lib/gimp/2.0/python/gimpenums.${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/gimp/2.0/python/gimpfu.py
lib/gimp/2.0/python/gimpfu.pyc
lib/gimp/2.0/python/gimpfu.${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/gimp/2.0/python/gimpplugin.py
lib/gimp/2.0/python/gimpplugin.pyc
lib/gimp/2.0/python/gimpplugin.${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/gimp/2.0/python/gimpshelf.py
lib/gimp/2.0/python/gimpshelf.pyc
lib/gimp/2.0/python/gimpshelf.${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/gimp/2.0/python/gimpthumb.a
lib/gimp/2.0/python/gimpthumb.la
@so lib/gimp/2.0/python/gimpthumb.so
lib/gimp/2.0/python/gimpui.py
lib/gimp/2.0/python/gimpui.pyc
lib/gimp/2.0/python/gimpui.${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/gimp/2.0/python/pygimp-logo.png
@static-lib lib/libgimp-2.0.a
lib/libgimp-2.0.la
@lib lib/libgimp-2.0.so.${LIBgimp-2.0_VERSION}
@static-lib lib/libgimpbase-2.0.a
lib/libgimpbase-2.0.la
@lib lib/libgimpbase-2.0.so.${LIBgimpbase-2.0_VERSION}
@static-lib lib/libgimpcolor-2.0.a
lib/libgimpcolor-2.0.la
@lib lib/libgimpcolor-2.0.so.${LIBgimpcolor-2.0_VERSION}
@static-lib lib/libgimpconfig-2.0.a
lib/libgimpconfig-2.0.la
@lib lib/libgimpconfig-2.0.so.${LIBgimpconfig-2.0_VERSION}
@static-lib lib/libgimpmath-2.0.a
lib/libgimpmath-2.0.la
@lib lib/libgimpmath-2.0.so.${LIBgimpmath-2.0_VERSION}
@static-lib lib/libgimpmodule-2.0.a
lib/libgimpmodule-2.0.la
@lib lib/libgimpmodule-2.0.so.${LIBgimpmodule-2.0_VERSION}
@static-lib lib/libgimpthumb-2.0.a
lib/libgimpthumb-2.0.la
@lib lib/libgimpthumb-2.0.so.${LIBgimpthumb-2.0_VERSION}
@static-lib lib/libgimpui-2.0.a
lib/libgimpui-2.0.la
@lib lib/libgimpui-2.0.so.${LIBgimpui-2.0_VERSION}
@static-lib lib/libgimpwidgets-2.0.a
lib/libgimpwidgets-2.0.la
@lib lib/libgimpwidgets-2.0.so.${LIBgimpwidgets-2.0_VERSION}
lib/pkgconfig/gimp-2.0.pc
lib/pkgconfig/gimpthumb-2.0.pc
lib/pkgconfig/gimpui-2.0.pc
@bin libexec/gimp-debug-tool-2.0
@man man/man1/gimp-2.10.1
@man man/man1/gimp-console-2.10.1
@man man/man1/gimp-console.1
@man man/man1/gimp.1
@man man/man1/gimptool-2.0.1
@man man/man5/gimprc-2.10.5
@man man/man5/gimprc.5
share/aclocal/gimp-2.0.m4
share/applications/gimp.desktop
share/examples/gimp/
share/examples/gimp/2.0/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/gimp/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/gimp/2.0/
share/examples/gimp/2.0/controllerrc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/gimp/2.0/controllerrc
share/examples/gimp/2.0/gimprc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/gimp/2.0/gimprc
share/examples/gimp/2.0/gtkrc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/gimp/2.0/gtkrc
share/examples/gimp/2.0/menurc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/gimp/2.0/menurc
share/examples/gimp/2.0/sessionrc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/gimp/2.0/sessionrc
share/examples/gimp/2.0/templaterc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/gimp/2.0/templaterc
share/examples/gimp/2.0/toolrc
share/examples/gimp/2.0/unitrc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/gimp/2.0/unitrc
share/gimp/
share/gimp/2.0/
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Basic/
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Basic/1-pixel.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Basic/Block-01.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Basic/Block-02.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Basic/Block-03.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Basic/Hardness-025.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Basic/Hardness-050.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Basic/Hardness-075.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Basic/Hardness-100.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Basic/Star.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Basic/pixel.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Fun/
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Fun/GEGL-goat.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Fun/Wilber.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Fun/pepper.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Legacy/
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Legacy/confetti.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Legacy/confetti.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Legacy/vine.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Media/
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Media/Acrylic-01.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Media/Acrylic-02.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Media/Acrylic-03.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Media/Acrylic-04.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Media/Acrylic-05.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Media/Bristles-01.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Media/Bristles-02.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Media/Bristles-03.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Media/Oils-01.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Media/Oils-02.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Media/Oils-03.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Sketch/
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Sketch/Chalk-01.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Sketch/Chalk-02.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Sketch/Chalk-03.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Sketch/Charcoal-01.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Sketch/Charcoal-02.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Sketch/Charcoal-03.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Sketch/Pencil-01.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Sketch/Pencil-02.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Sketch/Pencil-03.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Sketch/Pencil-Scratch.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Splatters/
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Splatters/Grunge-01.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Splatters/Sparks-Hose.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Splatters/Splats-01.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Splatters/Splats-02.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Splatters/Sponge-01.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Splatters/Sponge-02.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Texture/
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Texture/Cell-01.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Texture/Cell-02.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Texture/Grass.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Texture/Hatch-Pen-01.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Texture/Smoke.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Texture/Stone-Work-01.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Texture/Texture-01.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Texture/Texture-02.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Texture/Texture-Hose-01.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Texture/Texture-Hose-02.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Texture/Texture-Hose-03.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Texture/Vegetation-01.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/Texture/Vegetation-02.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/10x10square.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/10x10squareBlur.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/20x20square.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/20x20squareBlur.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/5x5square.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/5x5squareBlur.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Calligraphic-Brush-0.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Calligraphic-Brush-1.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Calligraphic-Brush-2.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Calligraphic-Brush-3.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Circle-1.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Circle-11.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Circle-13.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Circle-15.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Circle-17.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Circle-19.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Circle-3.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Circle-5.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Circle-7.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Circle-9.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Circle-Fuzzy-11.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Circle-Fuzzy-13.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Circle-Fuzzy-15.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Circle-Fuzzy-17.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Circle-Fuzzy-19.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Circle-Fuzzy-3.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Circle-Fuzzy-5.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Circle-Fuzzy-7.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Circle-Fuzzy-9.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Diagonal-Star-11.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Diagonal-Star-17.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Diagonal-Star-25.vbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Grass1.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/SketchBrush-16.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/SketchBrush-32.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/SketchBrush-64.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/Structure.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/dunes.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/feltpen.gih
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/galaxy-big.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/galaxy.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/galaxy_small.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/pepper.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/brushes/gimp-obsolete-files/pixel.gbr
share/gimp/2.0/dynamics/
share/gimp/2.0/dynamics/Basic/
share/gimp/2.0/dynamics/Basic-Dynamics.gdyn
share/gimp/2.0/dynamics/Basic/Basic-Simple.gdyn
share/gimp/2.0/dynamics/Basic/Dynamics-Random.gdyn
share/gimp/2.0/dynamics/Basic/Negative-Size-Pressure.gdyn
share/gimp/2.0/dynamics/Basic/Pen-Generic.gdyn
share/gimp/2.0/dynamics/Basic/Pencil-Generic.gdyn
share/gimp/2.0/dynamics/Basic/Pencil-Shader.gdyn
share/gimp/2.0/dynamics/Basic/Pressure-Opacity.gdyn
share/gimp/2.0/dynamics/Basic/Pressure-Size.gdyn
share/gimp/2.0/dynamics/Color-From-Gradient.gdyn
share/gimp/2.0/dynamics/Dynamics-Off.gdyn
share/gimp/2.0/dynamics/FX/
share/gimp/2.0/dynamics/FX/Confetti.gdyn
share/gimp/2.0/dynamics/FX/Perspective.gdyn
share/gimp/2.0/dynamics/FX/Speed_Size_Opacity.gdyn
share/gimp/2.0/dynamics/Fade-Tapering.gdyn
share/gimp/2.0/dynamics/Random-Color.gdyn
share/gimp/2.0/dynamics/Tilt-Angle.gdyn
share/gimp/2.0/dynamics/Track-Direction.gdyn
share/gimp/2.0/dynamics/Velocity-Tapering.gdyn
share/gimp/2.0/file-raw/
share/gimp/2.0/file-raw/file-darktable-export-on-exit.lua
share/gimp/2.0/file-raw/file-darktable-get-size.lua
share/gimp/2.0/fonts/
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Asteroid_Field
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Bar_Code_Label
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Beauty_of_Nature
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Blue_Curtain
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Car_Track
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Energetic_Diamond
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Explosive
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Flower
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Fragments
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Hemp
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/High_Voltage
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Hoops
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Ice_Crystal
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Leaves
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Lightning
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Mandelbrot
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Marble
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Marble2
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Medusa
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Nautilus
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Nebula
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Plant
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Rose
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Saturn
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Snow_Crystal
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Soma
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Spark
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Suns
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Tentacles
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/The_Green_Place
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Wave
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Wood
share/gimp/2.0/fractalexplorer/Zooming_Circle
share/gimp/2.0/gfig/
share/gimp/2.0/gfig/A_star
share/gimp/2.0/gfig/curves
share/gimp/2.0/gfig/polys
share/gimp/2.0/gfig/ring
share/gimp/2.0/gfig/ring+star
share/gimp/2.0/gfig/simily
share/gimp/2.0/gfig/spirals_and_stars
share/gimp/2.0/gfig/sprial
share/gimp/2.0/gfig/star2
share/gimp/2.0/gfig/stars
share/gimp/2.0/gflare/
share/gimp/2.0/gflare/Bright_Star
share/gimp/2.0/gflare/Classic
share/gimp/2.0/gflare/Default
share/gimp/2.0/gflare/Distant_Sun
share/gimp/2.0/gflare/GFlare_101
share/gimp/2.0/gflare/GFlare_102
share/gimp/2.0/gflare/Hidden_Planet
share/gimp/2.0/gimp-release
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/arrow01.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/ball.ppm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/blob.ppm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/box.ppm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/chalk01.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/cone.ppm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/crayon01.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/crayon02.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/crayon03.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/crayon04.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/crayon05.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/crayon06.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/crayon07.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/crayon08.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/defaultbrush.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/dribble.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/fabric.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/fabric01.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/fabric02.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/fabric03.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/flower01.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/flower02.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/flower03.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/flower04.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/grad01.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/grad02.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/grad03.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/heart.ppm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/leaf01.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/paintbrush01.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/paintbrush02.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/paintbrush03.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/paintbrush04.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/paper01.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/paper02.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/paper03.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/paper04.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/pentagram.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/scribble.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/shape01.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/shape02.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/shape03.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/shape04.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/snow1.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/sphere.ppm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/splat1.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/splat2.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/splat3.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/spunge01.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/spunge02.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/spunge03.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/spunge04.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/spunge05.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/strange01.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/thegimp.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/torus.ppm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/wavy.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/weave.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Brushes/worm.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Paper/
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Paper/bricks.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Paper/bricks2.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Paper/burlap.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Paper/canvas2.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Paper/defaultpaper.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Paper/marble.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Paper/marble2.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Paper/stone.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Paper/struc.pgm
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Presets/
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Presets/ApplyCanvas
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Presets/Ballpark
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Presets/Canvas
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Presets/Crosshatch
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Presets/Cubism
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Presets/Dotify
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Presets/Embroidery
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Presets/Feathers
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Presets/Felt-marker
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Presets/Flowerbed
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Presets/Furry
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Presets/Line-art
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Presets/Line-art-2
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Presets/Maggot-invasion
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Presets/MarbleMadness
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Presets/Mossy
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Presets/Painted_Rock
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Presets/Parquette
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Presets/Patchwork
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Presets/Ringworks
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Presets/Sample
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Presets/Smash
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Presets/Straws
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Presets/Weave
share/gimp/2.0/gimpressionist/Presets/Wormcan
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Abstract_1.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Abstract_2.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Abstract_3.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Aneurism.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Blinds.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Blue_Green.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Browns.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Brushed_Aluminium.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Burning_Paper.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Burning_Transparency.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/CD.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/CD_Half.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Caribbean_Blues.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Coffee.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Cold_Steel.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Cold_Steel_2.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Crown_molding.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Dark_1.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Deep_Sea.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Default.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Flare_Glow_Angular_1.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Flare_Glow_Radial_1.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Flare_Glow_Radial_2.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Flare_Glow_Radial_3.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Flare_Glow_Radial_4.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Flare_Radial_101.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Flare_Radial_102.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Flare_Radial_103.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Flare_Rays_Radial_1.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Flare_Rays_Radial_2.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Flare_Rays_Size_1.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Flare_Sizefac_101.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Four_bars.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Full_saturation_spectrum_CCW.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Full_saturation_spectrum_CW.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Golden.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Greens.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Horizon_1.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Horizon_2.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Incandescent.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Land_1.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Land_and_Sea.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Metallic_Something.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Nauseating_Headache.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Neon_Cyan.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Neon_Green.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Neon_Yellow.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Pastel_Rainbow.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Pastels.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Purples.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Radial_Eyeball_Blue.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Radial_Eyeball_Brown.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Radial_Eyeball_Green.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Radial_Glow_1.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Radial_Rainbow_Hoop.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Rounded_edge.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Shadows_1.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Shadows_2.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Shadows_3.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Skyline.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Skyline_polluted.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Square_Wood_Frame.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Sunrise.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Three_bars_sin.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Tropical_Colors.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Tube_Red.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Wood_1.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Wood_2.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Yellow_Contrast.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/Yellow_Orange.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/gimp-obsolete-files/
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/gimp-obsolete-files/French_flag.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/gimp-obsolete-files/French_flag_smooth.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/gimp-obsolete-files/German_flag.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/gimp-obsolete-files/German_flag_smooth.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/gimp-obsolete-files/Mexican_flag.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/gimp-obsolete-files/Mexican_flag_smooth.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/gimp-obsolete-files/Romanian_flag.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/gradients/gimp-obsolete-files/Romanian_flag_smooth.ggr
share/gimp/2.0/icons/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/dialog-information.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/document-print.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-business-card.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-center.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-alpha.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-blue.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-gray.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-green.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-indexed.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-red.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-channel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-channels.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-char-picker.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-color-space-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-color-space-non-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-color-space-perceptual.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-colormap.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-controller-keyboard.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-controller-linux-input.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-controller-midi.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-controller-wheel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-controller.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-cursor.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-device-status.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-clip-warning.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-colorblind.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-contrast.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-gamma.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-lcms.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-proof.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-display.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-dynamics.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-error.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-floating-selection.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-gegl.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-grid.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-histogram.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-image.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-images.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-info.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-landscape.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-layer-mask.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-layer.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-layers.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-letter-spacing.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-line-spacing.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-move-to-screen.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-navigation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-path.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-paths.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-portrait.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-color-management.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-controllers.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-default-comment.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-default-grid.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-display.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-brushes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-dynamics.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-environ.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-fonts.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-gradients.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-icon-themes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-interp.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-modules.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-mypaint-brushes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-palettes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-patterns.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-plug-ins.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-scripts.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-themes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-plug-ins.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-presets.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tools.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-help-system.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-icon-theme.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-image-title.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows-appearance.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows-snapping.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-import-export.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-input-devices.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-interface.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-new-image.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-playground.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-session.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-system-resources.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-theme.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-tool-options.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-toolbox.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-window-management.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-question.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-resize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-sample-point.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-scale.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-selection.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-smartphone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-symmetry.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-template.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-text-layer.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-airbrush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-align.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-blur.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-brightness-contrast.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-bucket-fill.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-by-color-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-cage.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-color-balance.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-color-picker.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-colorize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-crop.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-curves.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-desaturate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-dodge.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-ellipse-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-eraser.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-exposure.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-flip.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-foreground-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-free-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-fuzzy-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-gradient.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-handle-transform.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-heal.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-hue-saturation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-ink.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-iscissors.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-levels.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-measure.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-mypaint-brush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-n-point-deformation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-offset.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-options.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-paintbrush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-path.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-pencil.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-perspective-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-perspective.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-posterize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-preset.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-rect-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-rotate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-scale.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-seamless-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-shadows-highlights.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-shear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-smudge.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-text.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-threshold.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-transform-3d.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-unified-transform.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-warp.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-zoom.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-tools.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-transparency.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-undo-history.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-user-manual.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-video.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-warning.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-web.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gimp-wilber.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/gtk-select-color.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/media-floppy.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/24x24/apps/media-optical.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/64x64/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/64x64/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/64x64/apps/gimp-error.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/64x64/apps/gimp-frame.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/64x64/apps/gimp-info.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/64x64/apps/gimp-question.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/64x64/apps/gimp-texture.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/64x64/apps/gimp-warning.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/index.theme
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/dialog-information.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/document-new.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/document-open-recent.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/document-open.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/document-print.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/document-revert.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/document-save-as.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/document-save.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/edit-clear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/edit-copy.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/edit-cut.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/edit-delete.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/edit-paste.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/edit-redo.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/edit-undo.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/folder-new.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/folder.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/format-indent-more.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/format-justify-center.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/format-justify-fill.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/format-justify-left.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/format-justify-right.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-anchor.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-attach.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-business-card.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-cap-butt.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-cap-round.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-cap-square.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-center.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-alpha.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-blue.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-gray.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-green.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-indexed.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-red.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-channel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-channels.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-char-picker.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-clipboard.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-close-all.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-close.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-color-cmyk.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-color-pick-from-screen.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-color-picker-black.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-color-picker-gray.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-color-picker-white.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-color-space-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-color-space-non-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-color-space-perceptual.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-color-triangle.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-color-water.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-colormap.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-controller-keyboard.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-controller-linux-input.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-controller-midi.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-controller-wheel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-controller.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-convert-grayscale.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-convert-indexed.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-convert-rgb.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-cursor.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-curve-free.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-curve-point-corner.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-curve-point-smooth.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-curve-smooth.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-dashboard.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-default-colors.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-detach.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-device-status.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-clip-warning.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-colorblind.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-contrast.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-gamma.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-lcms.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-proof.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-display.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-duplicate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-dynamics.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-error.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-file-manager.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-flip-horizontal.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-flip-vertical.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-floating-selection.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-gegl.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-bilinear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-conical-asymmetric.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-conical-symmetric.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-radial.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-shapeburst-angular.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-shapeburst-dimpled.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-shapeburst-spherical.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-spiral-anticlockwise.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-spiral-clockwise.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-square.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-north-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-north-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-north.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-south-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-south-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-south.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-grid.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-group-layer.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-hcenter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-hchain-broken.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-hchain.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-hfill.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-histogram-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-histogram-logarithmic.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-histogram.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-image-open.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-image-reload.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-image.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-images.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-info.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-input-device.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-invert.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-join-bevel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-join-miter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-join-round.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-landscape.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-layer-mask.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-layer-to-imagesize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-layer.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-layers.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-letter-spacing.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-line-spacing.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-linked.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-list.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-marker.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-menu-left.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-menu-right.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-merge-down.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-move-to-screen.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-navigation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-paste-as-new.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-paste-into.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-path-stroke.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-path.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-paths.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-pattern.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-center.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-north-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-north-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-north.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-south-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-south-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-south.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-plugin.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-portrait.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-color-management.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-controllers.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-default-comment.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-default-grid.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-display.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-brushes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-dynamics.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-environ.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-fonts.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-gradients.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-icon-themes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-interp.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-modules.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-mypaint-brushes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-palettes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-patterns.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-plug-ins.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-scripts.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-themes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-plug-ins.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-presets.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tools.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-help-system.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-icon-theme.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-image-title.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows-appearance.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows-snapping.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-import-export.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-input-devices.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-interface.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-new-image.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-playground.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-session.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-system-resources.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-theme.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-tool-options.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-toolbox.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-window-management.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-question.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-quick-mask-off.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-quick-mask-on.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-reset.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-reshow-filter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-resize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-rotate-180.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-rotate-270.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-rotate-90.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-sample-point.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-scale.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-add.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-all.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-border.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-grow.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-intersect.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-none.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-replace.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-shrink.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-stroke.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-subtract.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-to-channel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-to-path.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-selection.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-shape-circle.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-shape-diamond.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-shape-square.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-shred.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-smartphone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-swap-colors.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-symmetry.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-template.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-ltr.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-rtl.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-ttb-ltr-upright.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-ttb-ltr.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-ttb-rtl-upright.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-ttb-rtl.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-text-layer.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-toilet-paper.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-airbrush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-align.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-blur.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-brightness-contrast.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-bucket-fill.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-by-color-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-cage.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-color-balance.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-color-picker.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-color-temperature.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-colorize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-crop.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-curves.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-desaturate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-dodge.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-ellipse-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-eraser.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-exposure.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-flip.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-foreground-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-free-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-fuzzy-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-gradient.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-handle-transform.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-heal.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-hue-saturation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-ink.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-iscissors.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-levels.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-measure.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-move.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-mypaint-brush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-n-point-deformation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-offset.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-options.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-paintbrush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-path.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-pencil.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-perspective-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-perspective.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-posterize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-preset.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-rect-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-rotate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-scale.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-seamless-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-shadows-highlights.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-shear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-smudge.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-text.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-threshold.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-transform-3d.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-unified-transform.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-warp.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-zoom.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-tools.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-transform-3d-camera.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-transform-3d-move.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-transform-3d-rotate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-transparency.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-undo-history.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-user-manual.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-vcenter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-vchain-broken.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-vchain.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-vfill.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-video.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-visible.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-warning.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-web.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-wilber-eek.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-wilber-outline.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-wilber.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gimp-zoom-follow-window.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/go-bottom.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/go-down.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/go-first.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/go-home.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/go-last.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/go-next.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/go-previous.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/go-top.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/go-up.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gtk-cancel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gtk-edit.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gtk-no.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gtk-ok.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gtk-select-color.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gtk-select-font.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/gtk-yes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/help-about.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/list-add.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/list-remove.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/media-floppy.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/media-optical.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/media-playback-pause.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/media-playback-start.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/media-record.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/media-seek-backward.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/media-skip-backward.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/media-skip-forward.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/preferences-system.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/process-stop.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/system-run.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/view-fullscreen.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/view-refresh.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/window-close.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/window-new.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/zoom-fit-best.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/zoom-in.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/zoom-original.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Color/scalable/apps/zoom-out.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/128x128/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/128x128/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/128x128/apps/gimp-wilber-outline.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/128x128/apps/gimp-wilber.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/12x12/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/12x12/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/12x12/apps/gimp-close.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/12x12/apps/gimp-default-colors.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/12x12/apps/gimp-linked.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/12x12/apps/gimp-menu-left.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/12x12/apps/gimp-menu-right.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/12x12/apps/gimp-quick-mask-off.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/12x12/apps/gimp-quick-mask-on.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/12x12/apps/gimp-swap-colors.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/12x12/apps/gimp-visible.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/12x12/apps/gimp-zoom-follow-window.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-anchor.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-cap-butt.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-cap-round.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-cap-square.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-center.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-channel-alpha.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-channel-blue.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-channel-gray.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-channel-green.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-channel-indexed.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-channel-red.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-channel.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-channels.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-color-pick-from-screen.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-color-triangle.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-colormap.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-controller-keyboard.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-controller-linux-input.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-controller-midi.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-controller-wheel.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-controller.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-convert-grayscale.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-convert-indexed.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-convert-rgb.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-cursor.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-curve-free.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-curve-smooth.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-device-status.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-display-filter-colorblind.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-display-filter-contrast.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-display-filter-gamma.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-display-filter-lcms.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-display-filter-proof.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-display-filter.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-duplicate.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-dynamics.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-flip-horizontal.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-flip-vertical.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-floating-selection.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-gegl.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-gradient-bilinear.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-gradient-conical-asymmetric.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-gradient-conical-symmetric.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-gradient-linear.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-gradient-radial.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-gradient-shapeburst-angular.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-gradient-shapeburst-dimpled.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-gradient-shapeburst-spherical.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-gradient-spiral-anticlockwise.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-gradient-spiral-clockwise.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-gradient-square.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-grid.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-histogram-linear.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-histogram-logarithmic.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-histogram.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-image.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-images.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-info.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-input-device.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-invert.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-join-bevel.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-join-miter.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-join-round.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-landscape.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-layer-mask.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-layer-to-imagesize.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-layer.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-layers.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-list.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-merge-down.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-move-to-screen.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-navigation.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-paste-as-new.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-paste-into.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-path-stroke.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-path.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-paths.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-plugin.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-portrait.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-brushes.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-dynamics.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-environ.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-fonts.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-gradients.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-icon-themes.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-interp.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-modules.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-palettes.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-patterns.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-plug-ins.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-scripts.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-themes.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-plug-ins.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-presets.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tools.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-prefs-icon-theme.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-prefs-interface.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-prefs-theme.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-prefs-toolbox.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-prefs-window-management.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-print-resolution.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-reset.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-reshow-filter.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-resize.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-rotate-180.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-rotate-270.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-rotate-90.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-sample-point.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-scale.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-selection-add.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-selection-all.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-selection-border.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-selection-grow.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-selection-intersect.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-selection-none.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-selection-replace.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-selection-shrink.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-selection-stroke.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-selection-subtract.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-selection-to-channel.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-selection-to-path.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-selection.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-shape-circle.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-shape-diamond.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-shape-square.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-template.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-text-layer.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-toilet-paper.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-airbrush.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-align.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-blur.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-brightness-contrast.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-bucket-fill.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-by-color-select.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-cage.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-clone.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-color-balance.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-color-picker.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-colorize.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-crop.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-curves.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-desaturate.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-dodge.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-ellipse-select.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-eraser.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-flip.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-foreground-select.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-free-select.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-fuzzy-select.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-gradient.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-handle-transform.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-heal.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-hue-saturation.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-ink.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-iscissors.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-levels.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-measure.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-move.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-mypaint-brush.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-n-point-deformation.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-options.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-paintbrush.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-path.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-pencil.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-perspective-clone.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-perspective.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-posterize.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-preset.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-rect-select.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-rotate.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-scale.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-seamless-clone.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-shear.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-smudge.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-text.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-threshold.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-unified-transform.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-warp.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tool-zoom.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-tools.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-transparency.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-undo-history.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-user-manual.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-video.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-warning.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-web.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gimp-wilber.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/16x16/apps/gtk-edit.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/18x18/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/18x18/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/18x18/apps/gimp-color-picker-black.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/18x18/apps/gimp-color-picker-gray.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/18x18/apps/gimp-color-picker-white.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/192x192/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/192x192/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/192x192/apps/gimp-wilber-outline.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/192x192/apps/gimp-wilber.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/20x20/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/20x20/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/20x20/apps/gimp-linked.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/20x20/apps/gimp-visible.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-char-picker.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-dynamics.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-histogram.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-input-device.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-letter-spacing.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-line-spacing.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-path.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-paths.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-color-management.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-controllers.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-default-grid.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-display.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-brushes.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-dynamics.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-environ.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-fonts.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-gradients.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-icon-themes.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-interp.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-modules.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-palettes.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-patterns.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-plug-ins.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-scripts.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-themes.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-plug-ins.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-presets.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tools.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-folders.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-help-system.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-icon-theme.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-image-title.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-input-devices.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-interface.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-new-image.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-playground.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-session.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-system-resources.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-theme.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-tool-options.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-toolbox.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-prefs-window-management.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-tool-preset.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/apps/gimp-wilber.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-gegl.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-airbrush.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-align.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-blur.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-brightness-contrast.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-bucket-fill.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-by-color-select.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-cage.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-clone.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-color-balance.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-color-picker.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-colorize.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-crop.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-curves.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-desaturate.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-dodge.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-ellipse-select.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-eraser.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-flip.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-foreground-select.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-free-select.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-fuzzy-select.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-gradient.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-handle-transform.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-heal.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-hue-saturation.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-ink.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-iscissors.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-levels.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-measure.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-move.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-mypaint-brush.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-n-point-deformation.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-paintbrush.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-path.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-pencil.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-perspective-clone.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-perspective.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-posterize.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-rect-select.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-rotate.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-scale.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-seamless-clone.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-shear.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-smudge.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-text.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-threshold.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-unified-transform.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-warp.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/22x22/tools/gimp-tool-zoom.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-center.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-alpha.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-blue.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-gray.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-green.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-indexed.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-red.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-channel.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-channels.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-colormap.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-controller-keyboard.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-controller-linux-input.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-controller-midi.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-controller-wheel.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-controller.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-cursor.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-device-status.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-colorblind.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-contrast.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-gamma.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-lcms.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-proof.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-floating-selection.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-gravity-east.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-gravity-north-east.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-gravity-north-west.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-gravity-north.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-gravity-south-east.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-gravity-south-west.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-gravity-south.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-gravity-west.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-hcenter.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-hchain-broken.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-hchain.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-hfill.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-image.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-images.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-info.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-layer-mask.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-layer.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-layers.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-move-to-screen.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-print-resolution.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-sample-point.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-template.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-text-dir-ltr.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-text-dir-rtl.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-text-dir-ttb-ltr-upright.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-text-dir-ttb-ltr.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-text-dir-ttb-rtl-upright.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-text-dir-ttb-rtl.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-text-layer.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-toilet-paper.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-options.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-tools.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-transparency.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-undo-history.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-user-manual.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-vcenter.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-vchain-broken.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-vchain.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-vfill.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-video.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-warning.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/24x24/apps/gimp-web.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/256x256/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/256x256/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/256x256/apps/gimp-wilber-outline.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/256x256/apps/gimp-wilber.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/32x32/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/32x32/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/32x32/apps/gimp-channel-alpha.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/32x32/apps/gimp-channel-blue.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/32x32/apps/gimp-channel-gray.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/32x32/apps/gimp-channel-green.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/32x32/apps/gimp-channel-indexed.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/32x32/apps/gimp-channel-red.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/32x32/apps/gimp-channel.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/32x32/apps/gimp-floating-selection.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/32x32/apps/gimp-image.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/32x32/apps/gimp-layer-mask.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/32x32/apps/gimp-layer.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/32x32/apps/gimp-text-layer.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/32x32/apps/gimp-user-manual.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/32x32/apps/gimp-wilber.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-channel-alpha.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-channel-blue.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-channel-gray.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-channel-green.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-channel-indexed.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-channel-red.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-channel.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-floating-selection.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-image.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-layer-mask.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-layer.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-color-management.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-controllers.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-default-comment.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-default-grid.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-display.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-brushes.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-dynamics.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-environ.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-fonts.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-gradients.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-icon-themes.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-interp.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-modules.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-palettes.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-patterns.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-plug-ins.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-scripts.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-themes.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-plug-ins.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-presets.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tools.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-folders.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-help-system.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-icon-theme.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-image-title.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-input-devices.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-interface.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-new-image.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-playground.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-session.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-system-resources.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-theme.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-tool-options.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-toolbox.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-prefs-window-management.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-text-layer.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/48x48/apps/gimp-wilber.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/64x64/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/64x64/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/64x64/apps/gimp-error.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/64x64/apps/gimp-frame.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/64x64/apps/gimp-info.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/64x64/apps/gimp-question.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/64x64/apps/gimp-texture.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/64x64/apps/gimp-user-manual.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/64x64/apps/gimp-warning.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/64x64/apps/gimp-wilber-eek.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/64x64/apps/gimp-wilber-outline.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/64x64/apps/gimp-wilber.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/96x96/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/96x96/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/96x96/apps/gimp-wilber-outline.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/96x96/apps/gimp-wilber.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Legacy/index.theme
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/dialog-information.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/document-print.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-business-card.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-center.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-alpha.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-blue.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-gray.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-green.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-indexed.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-red.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-channel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-channels.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-char-picker.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-color-space-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-color-space-non-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-color-space-perceptual.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-colormap.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-controller-keyboard.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-controller-linux-input.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-controller-midi.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-controller-wheel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-controller.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-cursor.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-device-status.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-clip-warning.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-colorblind.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-contrast.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-gamma.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-lcms.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-proof.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-display.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-dynamics.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-error.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-floating-selection.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-gegl.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-grid.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-histogram.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-image.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-images.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-info.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-landscape.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-layer-mask.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-layer.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-layers.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-letter-spacing.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-line-spacing.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-move-to-screen.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-navigation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-path.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-paths.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-portrait.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-color-management.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-controllers.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-default-comment.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-default-grid.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-display.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-brushes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-dynamics.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-environ.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-fonts.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-gradients.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-icon-themes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-interp.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-modules.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-mypaint-brushes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-palettes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-patterns.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-plug-ins.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-scripts.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-themes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-plug-ins.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-presets.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tools.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-help-system.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-icon-theme.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-image-title.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows-appearance.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows-snapping.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-import-export.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-input-devices.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-interface.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-new-image.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-playground.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-session.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-system-resources.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-theme.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-tool-options.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-toolbox.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-window-management.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-question.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-resize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-sample-point.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-scale.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-selection.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-smartphone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-symmetry.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-template.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-text-layer.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-airbrush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-align.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-blur.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-brightness-contrast.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-bucket-fill.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-by-color-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-cage.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-color-balance.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-color-picker.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-colorize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-crop.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-curves.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-desaturate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-dodge.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-ellipse-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-eraser.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-exposure.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-flip.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-foreground-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-free-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-fuzzy-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-gradient.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-handle-transform.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-heal.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-hue-saturation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-ink.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-iscissors.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-levels.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-measure.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-mypaint-brush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-n-point-deformation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-offset.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-options.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-paintbrush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-path.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-pencil.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-perspective-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-perspective.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-posterize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-preset.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-rect-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-rotate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-scale.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-seamless-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-shadows-highlights.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-shear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-smudge.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-text.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-threshold.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-transform-3d.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-unified-transform.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-warp.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-zoom.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tools.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-transparency.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-undo-history.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-user-manual.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-video.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-warning.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-web.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-wilber.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gtk-select-color.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/media-floppy.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/media-optical.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/64x64/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/64x64/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/64x64/apps/gimp-error.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/64x64/apps/gimp-frame.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/64x64/apps/gimp-info.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/64x64/apps/gimp-question.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/64x64/apps/gimp-texture.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/64x64/apps/gimp-warning.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/index.theme
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/dialog-information.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/document-new.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/document-open-recent.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/document-open.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/document-print.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/document-revert.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/document-save-as.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/document-save.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/edit-clear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/edit-copy.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/edit-cut.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/edit-delete.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/edit-paste.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/edit-redo.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/edit-undo.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/folder-new.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/folder.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/format-indent-more.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/format-justify-center.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/format-justify-fill.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/format-justify-left.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/format-justify-right.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-anchor.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-attach.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-business-card.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-cap-butt.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-cap-round.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-cap-square.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-center.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-alpha.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-blue.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-gray.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-green.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-indexed.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-red.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-channel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-channels.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-char-picker.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-clipboard.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-close-all.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-close.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-color-cmyk.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-color-pick-from-screen.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-color-picker-black.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-color-picker-gray.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-color-picker-white.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-color-space-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-color-space-non-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-color-space-perceptual.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-color-triangle.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-color-water.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-colormap.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-controller-keyboard.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-controller-linux-input.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-controller-midi.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-controller-wheel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-controller.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-convert-grayscale.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-convert-indexed.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-convert-rgb.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-cursor.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-curve-free.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-curve-point-corner.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-curve-point-smooth.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-curve-smooth.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-dashboard.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-default-colors.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-detach.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-device-status.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-clip-warning.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-colorblind.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-contrast.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-gamma.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-lcms.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-proof.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-display.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-duplicate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-dynamics.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-error.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-file-manager.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-flip-horizontal.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-flip-vertical.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-floating-selection.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gegl.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-bilinear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-conical-asymmetric.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-conical-symmetric.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-radial.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-shapeburst-angular.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-shapeburst-dimpled.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-shapeburst-spherical.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-spiral-anticlockwise.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-spiral-clockwise.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-square.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-north-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-north-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-north.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-south-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-south-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-south.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-grid.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-group-layer.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-hcenter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-hchain-broken.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-hchain.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-hfill.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-histogram-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-histogram-logarithmic.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-histogram.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-image-open.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-image-reload.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-image.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-images.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-info.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-input-device.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-invert.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-join-bevel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-join-miter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-join-round.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-landscape.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-layer-mask.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-layer-to-imagesize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-layer.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-layers.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-letter-spacing.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-line-spacing.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-linked.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-list.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-marker.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-menu-left.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-menu-right.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-merge-down.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-move-to-screen.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-navigation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-paste-as-new.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-paste-into.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-path-stroke.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-path.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-paths.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-pattern.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-center.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-north-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-north-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-north.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-south-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-south-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-south.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-plugin.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-portrait.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-color-management.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-controllers.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-default-comment.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-default-grid.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-display.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-brushes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-dynamics.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-environ.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-fonts.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-gradients.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-icon-themes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-interp.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-modules.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-mypaint-brushes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-palettes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-patterns.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-plug-ins.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-scripts.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-themes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-plug-ins.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-presets.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tools.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-help-system.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-icon-theme.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-image-title.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows-appearance.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows-snapping.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-import-export.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-input-devices.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-interface.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-new-image.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-playground.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-session.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-system-resources.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-theme.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-tool-options.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-toolbox.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-window-management.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-question.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-quick-mask-off.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-quick-mask-on.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-reset.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-reshow-filter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-resize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-rotate-180.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-rotate-270.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-rotate-90.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-sample-point.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-scale.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-add.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-all.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-border.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-grow.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-intersect.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-none.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-replace.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-shrink.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-stroke.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-subtract.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-to-channel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-to-path.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-selection.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-shape-circle.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-shape-diamond.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-shape-square.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-shred.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-smartphone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-swap-colors.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-symmetry.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-template.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-ltr.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-rtl.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-ttb-ltr-upright.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-ttb-ltr.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-ttb-rtl-upright.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-ttb-rtl.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-text-layer.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-toilet-paper.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-airbrush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-align.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-blur.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-brightness-contrast.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-bucket-fill.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-by-color-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-cage.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-color-balance.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-color-picker.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-color-temperature.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-colorize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-crop.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-curves.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-desaturate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-dodge.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-ellipse-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-eraser.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-exposure.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-flip.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-foreground-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-free-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-fuzzy-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-gradient.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-handle-transform.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-heal.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-hue-saturation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-ink.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-iscissors.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-levels.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-measure.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-move.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-mypaint-brush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-n-point-deformation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-offset.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-options.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-paintbrush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-path.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-pencil.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-perspective-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-perspective.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-posterize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-preset.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-rect-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-rotate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-scale.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-seamless-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-shadows-highlights.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-shear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-smudge.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-text.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-threshold.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-transform-3d.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-unified-transform.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-warp.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-zoom.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tools.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-transform-3d-camera.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-transform-3d-move.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-transform-3d-rotate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-transparency.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-undo-history.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-user-manual.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-vcenter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-vchain-broken.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-vchain.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-vfill.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-video.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-visible.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-warning.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-web.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-wilber-eek.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-wilber-outline.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-wilber.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-zoom-follow-window.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/go-bottom.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/go-down.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/go-first.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/go-home.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/go-last.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/go-next.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/go-previous.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/go-top.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/go-up.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gtk-cancel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gtk-edit.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gtk-no.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gtk-ok.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gtk-select-color.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gtk-select-font.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gtk-yes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/help-about.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/list-add.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/list-remove.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/media-floppy.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/media-optical.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/media-playback-pause.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/media-playback-start.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/media-record.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/media-seek-backward.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/media-skip-backward.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/media-skip-forward.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/preferences-system.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/process-stop.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/system-run.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/view-fullscreen.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/view-refresh.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/window-close.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/window-new.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/zoom-fit-best.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/zoom-in.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/zoom-original.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/zoom-out.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/dialog-information.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/document-print.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-business-card.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-center.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-alpha.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-blue.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-gray.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-green.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-indexed.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-red.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-channel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-channels.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-char-picker.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-color-space-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-color-space-non-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-color-space-perceptual.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-colormap.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-controller-keyboard.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-controller-linux-input.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-controller-midi.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-controller-wheel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-controller.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-cursor.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-device-status.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-clip-warning.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-colorblind.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-contrast.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-gamma.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-lcms.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-proof.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-display.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-dynamics.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-error.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-floating-selection.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-gegl.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-grid.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-histogram.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-image.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-images.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-info.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-landscape.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-layer-mask.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-layer.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-layers.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-letter-spacing.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-line-spacing.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-move-to-screen.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-navigation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-path.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-paths.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-portrait.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-color-management.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-controllers.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-default-comment.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-default-grid.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-display.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-brushes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-dynamics.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-environ.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-fonts.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-gradients.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-icon-themes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-interp.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-modules.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-mypaint-brushes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-palettes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-patterns.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-plug-ins.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-scripts.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-themes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-plug-ins.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-presets.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tools.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-help-system.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-icon-theme.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-image-title.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows-appearance.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows-snapping.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-import-export.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-input-devices.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-interface.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-new-image.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-playground.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-session.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-system-resources.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-theme.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-tool-options.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-toolbox.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-window-management.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-question.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-resize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-sample-point.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-scale.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-selection.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-smartphone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-symmetry.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-template.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-text-layer.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-airbrush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-align.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-blur.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-brightness-contrast.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-bucket-fill.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-by-color-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-cage.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-color-balance.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-color-picker.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-colorize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-crop.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-curves.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-desaturate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-dodge.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-ellipse-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-eraser.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-exposure.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-flip.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-foreground-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-free-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-fuzzy-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-gradient.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-handle-transform.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-heal.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-hue-saturation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-ink.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-iscissors.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-levels.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-measure.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-mypaint-brush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-n-point-deformation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-offset.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-options.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-paintbrush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-path.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-pencil.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-perspective-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-perspective.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-posterize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-preset.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-rect-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-rotate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-scale.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-seamless-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-shadows-highlights.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-shear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-smudge.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-text.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-threshold.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-transform-3d.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-unified-transform.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-warp.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-zoom.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-tools.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-transparency.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-undo-history.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-user-manual.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-video.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-warning.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-web.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gimp-wilber.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/gtk-select-color.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/media-floppy.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/24x24/apps/media-optical.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/64x64/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/64x64/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/64x64/apps/gimp-error.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/64x64/apps/gimp-frame.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/64x64/apps/gimp-info.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/64x64/apps/gimp-question.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/64x64/apps/gimp-texture.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/64x64/apps/gimp-warning.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/index.theme
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/dialog-information.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/document-new.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/document-open-recent.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/document-open.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/document-print.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/document-revert.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/document-save-as.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/document-save.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/edit-clear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/edit-copy.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/edit-cut.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/edit-delete.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/edit-paste.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/edit-redo.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/edit-undo.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/folder-new.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/folder.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/format-indent-more.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/format-justify-center.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/format-justify-fill.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/format-justify-left.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/format-justify-right.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-anchor.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-attach.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-business-card.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-cap-butt.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-cap-round.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-cap-square.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-center.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-alpha.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-blue.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-gray.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-green.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-indexed.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-red.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-channel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-channels.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-char-picker.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-clipboard.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-close-all.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-close.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-color-cmyk.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-color-pick-from-screen.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-color-picker-black.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-color-picker-gray.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-color-picker-white.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-color-space-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-color-space-non-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-color-space-perceptual.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-color-triangle.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-color-water.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-colormap.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-controller-keyboard.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-controller-linux-input.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-controller-midi.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-controller-wheel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-controller.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-convert-grayscale.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-convert-indexed.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-convert-rgb.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-cursor.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-curve-free.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-curve-point-corner.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-curve-point-smooth.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-curve-smooth.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-dashboard.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-default-colors.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-detach.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-device-status.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-clip-warning.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-colorblind.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-contrast.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-gamma.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-lcms.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-proof.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-display.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-duplicate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-dynamics.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-error.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-file-manager.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-flip-horizontal.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-flip-vertical.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-floating-selection.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gegl.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-bilinear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-conical-asymmetric.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-conical-symmetric.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-radial.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-shapeburst-angular.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-shapeburst-dimpled.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-shapeburst-spherical.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-spiral-anticlockwise.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-spiral-clockwise.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-square.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-north-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-north-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-north.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-south-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-south-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-south.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-grid.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-group-layer.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-hcenter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-hchain-broken.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-hchain.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-hfill.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-histogram-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-histogram-logarithmic.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-histogram.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-image-open.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-image-reload.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-image.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-images.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-info.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-input-device.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-invert.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-join-bevel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-join-miter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-join-round.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-landscape.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-layer-mask.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-layer-to-imagesize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-layer.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-layers.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-letter-spacing.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-line-spacing.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-linked.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-list.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-marker.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-menu-left.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-menu-right.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-merge-down.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-move-to-screen.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-navigation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-paste-as-new.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-paste-into.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-path-stroke.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-path.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-paths.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-pattern.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-center.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-north-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-north-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-north.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-south-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-south-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-south.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-plugin.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-portrait.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-color-management.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-controllers.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-default-comment.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-default-grid.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-display.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-brushes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-dynamics.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-environ.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-fonts.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-gradients.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-icon-themes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-interp.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-modules.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-mypaint-brushes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-palettes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-patterns.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-plug-ins.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-scripts.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-themes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-plug-ins.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-presets.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tools.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-help-system.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-icon-theme.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-image-title.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows-appearance.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows-snapping.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-import-export.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-input-devices.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-interface.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-new-image.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-playground.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-session.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-system-resources.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-theme.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-tool-options.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-toolbox.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-window-management.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-question.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-quick-mask-off.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-quick-mask-on.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-reset.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-reshow-filter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-resize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-rotate-180.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-rotate-270.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-rotate-90.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-sample-point.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-scale.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-add.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-all.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-border.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-grow.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-intersect.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-none.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-replace.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-shrink.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-stroke.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-subtract.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-to-channel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-to-path.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-selection.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-shape-circle.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-shape-diamond.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-shape-square.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-shred.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-smartphone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-swap-colors.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-symmetry.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-template.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-ltr.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-rtl.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-ttb-ltr-upright.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-ttb-ltr.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-ttb-rtl-upright.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-ttb-rtl.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-text-layer.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-toilet-paper.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-airbrush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-align.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-blur.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-brightness-contrast.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-bucket-fill.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-by-color-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-cage.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-color-balance.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-color-picker.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-color-temperature.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-colorize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-crop.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-curves.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-desaturate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-dodge.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-ellipse-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-eraser.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-exposure.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-flip.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-foreground-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-free-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-fuzzy-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-gradient.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-handle-transform.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-heal.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-hue-saturation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-ink.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-iscissors.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-levels.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-measure.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-move.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-mypaint-brush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-n-point-deformation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-offset.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-options.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-paintbrush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-path.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-pencil.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-perspective-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-perspective.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-posterize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-preset.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-rect-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-rotate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-scale.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-seamless-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-shadows-highlights.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-shear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-smudge.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-text.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-threshold.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-transform-3d.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-unified-transform.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-warp.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-zoom.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-tools.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-transform-3d-camera.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-transform-3d-move.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-transform-3d-rotate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-transparency.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-undo-history.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-user-manual.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-vcenter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-vchain-broken.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-vchain.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-vfill.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-video.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-visible.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-warning.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-web.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-wilber-eek.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-wilber-outline.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-wilber.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gimp-zoom-follow-window.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/go-bottom.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/go-down.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/go-first.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/go-home.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/go-last.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/go-next.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/go-previous.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/go-top.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/go-up.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gtk-cancel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gtk-edit.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gtk-no.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gtk-ok.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gtk-select-color.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gtk-select-font.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/gtk-yes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/help-about.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/list-add.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/list-remove.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/media-floppy.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/media-optical.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/media-playback-pause.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/media-playback-start.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/media-record.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/media-seek-backward.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/media-skip-backward.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/media-skip-forward.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/preferences-system.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/process-stop.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/system-run.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/view-fullscreen.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/view-refresh.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/window-close.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/window-new.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/zoom-fit-best.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/zoom-in.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/zoom-original.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted-High-Contrast/scalable/apps/zoom-out.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/dialog-information.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/document-print.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-business-card.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-center.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-alpha.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-blue.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-gray.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-green.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-indexed.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-red.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-channel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-channels.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-char-picker.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-color-space-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-color-space-non-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-color-space-perceptual.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-colormap.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-controller-keyboard.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-controller-linux-input.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-controller-midi.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-controller-wheel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-controller.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-cursor.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-device-status.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-clip-warning.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-colorblind.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-contrast.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-gamma.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-lcms.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-proof.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-display.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-dynamics.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-error.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-floating-selection.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-gegl.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-grid.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-histogram.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-image.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-images.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-info.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-landscape.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-layer-mask.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-layer.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-layers.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-letter-spacing.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-line-spacing.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-move-to-screen.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-navigation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-path.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-paths.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-portrait.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-color-management.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-controllers.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-default-comment.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-default-grid.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-display.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-brushes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-dynamics.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-environ.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-fonts.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-gradients.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-icon-themes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-interp.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-modules.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-mypaint-brushes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-palettes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-patterns.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-plug-ins.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-scripts.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-themes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-plug-ins.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-presets.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tools.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-help-system.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-icon-theme.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-image-title.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows-appearance.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows-snapping.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-import-export.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-input-devices.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-interface.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-new-image.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-playground.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-session.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-system-resources.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-theme.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-tool-options.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-toolbox.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-window-management.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-question.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-resize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-sample-point.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-scale.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-selection.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-smartphone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-symmetry.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-template.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-text-layer.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-airbrush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-align.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-blur.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-brightness-contrast.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-bucket-fill.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-by-color-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-cage.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-color-balance.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-color-picker.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-colorize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-crop.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-curves.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-desaturate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-dodge.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-ellipse-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-eraser.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-exposure.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-flip.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-foreground-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-free-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-fuzzy-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-gradient.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-handle-transform.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-heal.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-hue-saturation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-ink.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-iscissors.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-levels.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-measure.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-mypaint-brush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-n-point-deformation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-offset.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-options.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-paintbrush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-path.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-pencil.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-perspective-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-perspective.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-posterize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-preset.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-rect-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-rotate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-scale.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-seamless-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-shadows-highlights.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-shear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-smudge.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-text.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-threshold.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-transform-3d.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-unified-transform.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-warp.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-zoom.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-tools.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-transparency.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-undo-history.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-user-manual.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-video.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-warning.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-web.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gimp-wilber.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/gtk-select-color.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/media-floppy.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/24x24/apps/media-optical.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/64x64/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/64x64/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/64x64/apps/gimp-error.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/64x64/apps/gimp-frame.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/64x64/apps/gimp-info.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/64x64/apps/gimp-question.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/64x64/apps/gimp-texture.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/64x64/apps/gimp-warning.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/index.theme
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/dialog-information.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/document-new.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/document-open-recent.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/document-open.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/document-print.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/document-revert.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/document-save-as.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/document-save.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/edit-clear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/edit-copy.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/edit-cut.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/edit-delete.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/edit-paste.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/edit-redo.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/edit-undo.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/folder-new.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/folder.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/format-indent-more.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/format-justify-center.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/format-justify-fill.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/format-justify-left.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/format-justify-right.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-anchor.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-attach.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-business-card.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-cap-butt.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-cap-round.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-cap-square.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-center.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-alpha.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-blue.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-gray.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-green.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-indexed.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-red.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-channel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-channels.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-char-picker.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-clipboard.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-close-all.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-close.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-color-cmyk.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-color-pick-from-screen.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-color-picker-black.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-color-picker-gray.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-color-picker-white.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-color-space-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-color-space-non-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-color-space-perceptual.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-color-triangle.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-color-water.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-colormap.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-controller-keyboard.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-controller-linux-input.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-controller-midi.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-controller-wheel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-controller.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-convert-grayscale.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-convert-indexed.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-convert-rgb.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-cursor.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-curve-free.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-curve-point-corner.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-curve-point-smooth.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-curve-smooth.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-dashboard.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-default-colors.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-detach.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-device-status.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-clip-warning.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-colorblind.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-contrast.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-gamma.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-lcms.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-proof.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-display.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-duplicate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-dynamics.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-error.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-file-manager.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-flip-horizontal.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-flip-vertical.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-floating-selection.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-gegl.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-bilinear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-conical-asymmetric.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-conical-symmetric.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-radial.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-shapeburst-angular.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-shapeburst-dimpled.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-shapeburst-spherical.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-spiral-anticlockwise.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-spiral-clockwise.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-square.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-north-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-north-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-north.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-south-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-south-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-south.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-grid.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-group-layer.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-hcenter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-hchain-broken.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-hchain.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-hfill.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-histogram-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-histogram-logarithmic.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-histogram.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-image-open.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-image-reload.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-image.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-images.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-info.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-input-device.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-invert.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-join-bevel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-join-miter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-join-round.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-landscape.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-layer-mask.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-layer-to-imagesize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-layer.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-layers.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-letter-spacing.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-line-spacing.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-linked.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-list.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-marker.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-menu-left.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-menu-right.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-merge-down.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-move-to-screen.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-navigation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-paste-as-new.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-paste-into.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-path-stroke.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-path.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-paths.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-pattern.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-center.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-north-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-north-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-north.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-south-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-south-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-south.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-plugin.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-portrait.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-color-management.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-controllers.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-default-comment.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-default-grid.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-display.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-brushes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-dynamics.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-environ.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-fonts.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-gradients.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-icon-themes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-interp.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-modules.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-mypaint-brushes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-palettes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-patterns.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-plug-ins.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-scripts.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-themes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-plug-ins.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-presets.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tools.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-help-system.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-icon-theme.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-image-title.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows-appearance.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows-snapping.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-import-export.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-input-devices.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-interface.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-new-image.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-playground.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-session.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-system-resources.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-theme.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-tool-options.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-toolbox.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-window-management.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-question.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-quick-mask-off.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-quick-mask-on.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-reset.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-reshow-filter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-resize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-rotate-180.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-rotate-270.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-rotate-90.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-sample-point.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-scale.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-add.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-all.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-border.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-grow.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-intersect.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-none.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-replace.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-shrink.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-stroke.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-subtract.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-to-channel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-to-path.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-selection.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-shape-circle.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-shape-diamond.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-shape-square.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-shred.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-smartphone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-swap-colors.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-symmetry.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-template.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-ltr.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-rtl.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-ttb-ltr-upright.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-ttb-ltr.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-ttb-rtl-upright.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-ttb-rtl.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-text-layer.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-toilet-paper.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-airbrush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-align.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-blur.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-brightness-contrast.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-bucket-fill.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-by-color-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-cage.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-color-balance.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-color-picker.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-color-temperature.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-colorize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-crop.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-curves.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-desaturate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-dodge.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-ellipse-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-eraser.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-exposure.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-flip.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-foreground-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-free-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-fuzzy-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-gradient.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-handle-transform.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-heal.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-hue-saturation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-ink.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-iscissors.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-levels.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-measure.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-move.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-mypaint-brush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-n-point-deformation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-offset.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-options.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-paintbrush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-path.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-pencil.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-perspective-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-perspective.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-posterize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-preset.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-rect-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-rotate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-scale.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-seamless-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-shadows-highlights.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-shear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-smudge.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-text.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-threshold.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-transform-3d.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-unified-transform.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-warp.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-zoom.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-tools.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-transform-3d-camera.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-transform-3d-move.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-transform-3d-rotate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-transparency.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-undo-history.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-user-manual.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-vcenter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-vchain-broken.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-vchain.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-vfill.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-video.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-visible.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-warning.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-web.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-wilber-eek.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-wilber-outline.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-wilber.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gimp-zoom-follow-window.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/go-bottom.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/go-down.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/go-first.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/go-home.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/go-last.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/go-next.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/go-previous.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/go-top.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/go-up.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gtk-cancel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gtk-edit.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gtk-no.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gtk-ok.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gtk-select-color.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gtk-select-font.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/gtk-yes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/help-about.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/list-add.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/list-remove.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/media-floppy.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/media-optical.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/media-playback-pause.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/media-playback-start.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/media-record.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/media-seek-backward.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/media-skip-backward.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/media-skip-forward.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/preferences-system.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/process-stop.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/system-run.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/view-fullscreen.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/view-refresh.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/window-close.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/window-new.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/zoom-fit-best.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/zoom-in.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/zoom-original.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic-Inverted/scalable/apps/zoom-out.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/dialog-information.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/document-print.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-business-card.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-center.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-alpha.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-blue.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-gray.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-green.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-indexed.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-channel-red.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-channel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-channels.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-char-picker.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-color-space-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-color-space-non-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-color-space-perceptual.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-colormap.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-controller-keyboard.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-controller-linux-input.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-controller-midi.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-controller-wheel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-controller.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-cursor.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-device-status.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-clip-warning.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-colorblind.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-contrast.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-gamma.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-lcms.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter-proof.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-display-filter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-display.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-dynamics.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-error.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-floating-selection.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-gegl.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-grid.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-histogram.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-image.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-images.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-info.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-landscape.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-layer-mask.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-layer.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-layers.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-letter-spacing.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-line-spacing.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-move-to-screen.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-navigation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-path.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-paths.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-portrait.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-color-management.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-controllers.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-default-comment.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-default-grid.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-display.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-brushes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-dynamics.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-environ.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-fonts.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-gradients.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-icon-themes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-interp.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-modules.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-mypaint-brushes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-palettes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-patterns.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-plug-ins.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-scripts.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-themes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-plug-ins.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-presets.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tools.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-folders.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-help-system.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-icon-theme.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-image-title.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows-appearance.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows-snapping.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-import-export.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-input-devices.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-interface.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-new-image.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-playground.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-session.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-system-resources.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-theme.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-tool-options.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-toolbox.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-prefs-window-management.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-question.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-resize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-sample-point.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-scale.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-selection.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-smartphone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-symmetry.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-template.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-text-layer.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-airbrush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-align.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-blur.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-brightness-contrast.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-bucket-fill.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-by-color-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-cage.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-color-balance.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-color-picker.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-colorize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-crop.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-curves.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-desaturate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-dodge.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-ellipse-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-eraser.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-exposure.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-flip.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-foreground-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-free-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-fuzzy-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-gradient.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-handle-transform.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-heal.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-hue-saturation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-ink.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-iscissors.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-levels.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-measure.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-mypaint-brush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-n-point-deformation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-offset.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-options.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-paintbrush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-path.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-pencil.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-perspective-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-perspective.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-posterize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-preset.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-rect-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-rotate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-scale.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-seamless-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-shadows-highlights.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-shear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-smudge.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-text.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-threshold.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-transform-3d.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-unified-transform.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-warp.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tool-zoom.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-tools.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-transparency.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-undo-history.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-user-manual.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-video.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-warning.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-web.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gimp-wilber.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/gtk-select-color.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/media-floppy.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/24x24/apps/media-optical.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/64x64/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/64x64/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/64x64/apps/gimp-error.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/64x64/apps/gimp-frame.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/64x64/apps/gimp-info.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/64x64/apps/gimp-question.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/64x64/apps/gimp-texture.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/64x64/apps/gimp-warning.png
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/index.theme
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/dialog-information.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/document-new.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/document-open-recent.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/document-open.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/document-print.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/document-revert.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/document-save-as.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/document-save.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/edit-clear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/edit-copy.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/edit-cut.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/edit-delete.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/edit-paste.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/edit-redo.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/edit-undo.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/folder-new.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/folder.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/format-indent-more.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/format-justify-center.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/format-justify-fill.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/format-justify-left.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/format-justify-right.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-anchor.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-attach.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-business-card.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-cap-butt.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-cap-round.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-cap-square.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-center.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-alpha.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-blue.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-gray.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-green.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-indexed.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-channel-red.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-channel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-channels.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-char-picker.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-clipboard.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-close-all.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-close.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-color-cmyk.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-color-pick-from-screen.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-color-picker-black.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-color-picker-gray.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-color-picker-white.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-color-space-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-color-space-non-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-color-space-perceptual.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-color-triangle.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-color-water.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-colormap.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-controller-keyboard.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-controller-linux-input.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-controller-midi.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-controller-wheel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-controller.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-convert-grayscale.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-convert-indexed.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-convert-rgb.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-cursor.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-curve-free.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-curve-point-corner.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-curve-point-smooth.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-curve-smooth.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-dashboard.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-default-colors.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-detach.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-device-status.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-clip-warning.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-colorblind.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-contrast.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-gamma.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-lcms.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter-proof.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-display-filter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-display.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-duplicate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-dynamics.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-error.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-file-manager.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-flip-horizontal.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-flip-vertical.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-floating-selection.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-gegl.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-bilinear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-conical-asymmetric.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-conical-symmetric.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-radial.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-shapeburst-angular.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-shapeburst-dimpled.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-shapeburst-spherical.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-spiral-anticlockwise.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-spiral-clockwise.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-gradient-square.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-north-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-north-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-north.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-south-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-south-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-south.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-gravity-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-grid.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-group-layer.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-hcenter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-hchain-broken.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-hchain.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-hfill.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-histogram-linear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-histogram-logarithmic.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-histogram.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-image-open.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-image-reload.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-image.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-images.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-info.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-input-device.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-invert.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-join-bevel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-join-miter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-join-round.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-landscape.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-layer-mask.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-layer-to-imagesize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-layer.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-layers.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-letter-spacing.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-line-spacing.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-linked.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-list.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-marker.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-menu-left.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-menu-right.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-merge-down.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-move-to-screen.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-navigation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-paste-as-new.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-paste-into.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-path-stroke.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-path.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-paths.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-pattern.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-center.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-north-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-north-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-north.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-south-east.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-south-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-south.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-pivot-west.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-plugin.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-portrait.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-color-management.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-controllers.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-default-comment.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-default-grid.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-display.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-brushes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-dynamics.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-environ.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-fonts.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-gradients.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-icon-themes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-interp.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-modules.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-mypaint-brushes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-palettes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-patterns.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-plug-ins.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-scripts.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-themes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-plug-ins.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-presets.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders-tools.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-folders.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-help-system.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-icon-theme.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-image-title.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows-appearance.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows-snapping.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-image-windows.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-import-export.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-input-devices.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-interface.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-new-image.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-playground.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-session.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-system-resources.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-theme.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-tool-options.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-toolbox.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-prefs-window-management.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-question.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-quick-mask-off.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-quick-mask-on.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-reset.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-reshow-filter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-resize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-rotate-180.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-rotate-270.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-rotate-90.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-sample-point.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-scale.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-add.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-all.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-border.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-grow.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-intersect.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-none.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-replace.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-shrink.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-stroke.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-subtract.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-to-channel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-selection-to-path.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-selection.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-shape-circle.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-shape-diamond.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-shape-square.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-shred.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-smartphone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-swap-colors.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-symmetry.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-template.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-ltr.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-rtl.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-ttb-ltr-upright.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-ttb-ltr.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-ttb-rtl-upright.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-text-dir-ttb-rtl.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-text-layer.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-toilet-paper.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-airbrush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-align.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-blur.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-brightness-contrast.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-bucket-fill.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-by-color-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-cage.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-color-balance.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-color-picker.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-color-temperature.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-colorize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-crop.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-curves.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-desaturate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-dodge.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-ellipse-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-eraser.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-exposure.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-flip.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-foreground-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-free-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-fuzzy-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-gradient.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-handle-transform.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-heal.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-hue-saturation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-ink.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-iscissors.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-levels.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-measure.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-move.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-mypaint-brush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-n-point-deformation.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-offset.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-options.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-paintbrush.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-path.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-pencil.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-perspective-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-perspective.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-posterize.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-preset.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-rect-select.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-rotate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-scale.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-seamless-clone.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-shadows-highlights.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-shear.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-smudge.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-text.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-threshold.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-transform-3d.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-unified-transform.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-warp.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tool-zoom.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-tools.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-transform-3d-camera.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-transform-3d-move.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-transform-3d-rotate.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-transparency.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-undo-history.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-user-manual.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-vcenter.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-vchain-broken.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-vchain.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-vfill.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-video.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-visible.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-warning.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-web.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-wilber-eek.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-wilber-outline.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-wilber.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gimp-zoom-follow-window.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/go-bottom.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/go-down.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/go-first.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/go-home.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/go-last.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/go-next.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/go-previous.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/go-top.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/go-up.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gtk-cancel.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gtk-edit.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gtk-no.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gtk-ok.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gtk-select-color.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gtk-select-font.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/gtk-yes.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/help-about.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/list-add.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/list-remove.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/media-floppy.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/media-optical.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/media-playback-pause.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/media-playback-start.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/media-record.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/media-seek-backward.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/media-skip-backward.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/media-skip-forward.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/preferences-system.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/process-stop.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/system-run.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/view-fullscreen.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/view-refresh.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/window-close.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/window-new.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/zoom-fit-best.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/zoom-in.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/zoom-original.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/Symbolic/scalable/apps/zoom-out.svg
share/gimp/2.0/icons/hicolor/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/hicolor/index.theme
share/gimp/2.0/icons/hicolor/scalable/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/hicolor/scalable/status/
share/gimp/2.0/icons/hicolor/scalable/status/software-update-available.svg
share/gimp/2.0/images/
share/gimp/2.0/images/gimp-logo.png
share/gimp/2.0/images/gimp-splash.png
share/gimp/2.0/images/wilber.png
share/gimp/2.0/menus/
share/gimp/2.0/menus/brush-editor-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/brushes-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/buffers-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/channels-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/colormap-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/cursor-info-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/dashboard-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/dockable-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/documents-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/dynamics-editor-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/dynamics-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/error-console-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/fonts-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/gradient-editor-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/gradients-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/image-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/images-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/layers-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/mypaint-brushes-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/palette-editor-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/palettes-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/patterns-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/quick-mask-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/sample-points-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/selection-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/templates-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/text-editor-toolbar.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/text-tool-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/tool-options-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/tool-preset-editor-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/tool-presets-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/undo-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/menus/vectors-menu.xml
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Bears.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Bgold.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Blues.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Borders.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Browns_And_Yellows.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Caramel.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Cascade.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/China.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Coldfire.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Cool_Colors.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Cranes.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Dark_pastels.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Default.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Ega.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Firecode.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Gold.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/GrayViolet.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Grayblue.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Grays.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Greens.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Hilite.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Khaki.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Lights.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Muted.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Named_Colors.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/News3.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Op2.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Paintjet.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Pastels.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Plasma.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Reds.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Reds_And_Purples.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Royal.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Tango.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Topographic.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Visibone.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Visibone_2.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Volcano.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Warm_Colors.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/palettes/Web.gpl
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Animal/
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Animal/leather.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Animal/leopard.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Fabric/
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Fabric/burlap.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Food/
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Food/choc_swirl.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Food/java.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Legacy/
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Legacy/3dgreen.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Legacy/Stripes1px.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Legacy/Stripes2px.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Legacy/blue.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Legacy/bluegrid.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Legacy/bluesquares.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Legacy/blueweb.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Legacy/fibers.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Legacy/nops.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Legacy/pastel.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Legacy/qube1.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Legacy/recessed.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Legacy/redcube.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Legacy/sm_squares.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Legacy/warning.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Paper/
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Paper/crinklepaper.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Paper/paper.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Plant/
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Plant/leaves.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Sky/
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Sky/lightning.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Sky/sky.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Sky/starfield.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Stone/
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Stone/Craters.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Stone/Moonfoot.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Stone/amethyst.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Stone/brick.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Stone/cracked.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Stone/granite1.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Stone/ground1.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Stone/marble1.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Stone/marble2.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Stone/marble3.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Stone/pink_marble.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Stone/rock.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Stone/slate.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Stone/stone33.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Stone/terra.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Water/
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Water/electric.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Water/ice.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Water/pool.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Water/rain.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Wood/
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Wood/bark.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Wood/burlwood.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Wood/corkboard.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Wood/parque1.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Wood/parque2.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Wood/parque3.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Wood/pine.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Wood/walnut.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Wood/wood1.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Wood/wood2.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Wood/wood3.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Wood/wood4.pat
share/gimp/2.0/patterns/Wood/wood5.pat
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/add-bevel.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/addborder.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/blend-anim.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/burn-in-anim.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/carve-it.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/chrome-it.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/circuit.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/clothify.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/coffee.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/copy-visible.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/difference-clouds.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/distress-selection.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/drop-shadow.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/erase-rows.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/font-map.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/fuzzyborder.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/gimp-online.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/gradient-example.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/grid-system.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/guides-from-selection.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/guides-new-percent.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/guides-new.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/guides-remove-all.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/images/
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/images/beavis.jpg
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/images/texture.jpg
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/images/texture1.jpg
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/images/texture2.jpg
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/images/texture3.jpg
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/lava.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/line-nova.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/mkbrush.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/old-photo.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/palette-export.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/paste-as-brush.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/paste-as-pattern.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/perspective-shadow.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/plug-in-compat.init
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/predator.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/reverse-layers.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/ripply-anim.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/round-corners.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/script-fu-compat.init
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/script-fu-set-cmap.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/script-fu-util.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/script-fu.init
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/select-to-brush.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/select-to-image.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/select-to-pattern.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/selection-round.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/slide.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/spinning-globe.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/spyrogimp.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/tileblur.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/unsharp-mask.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/waves-anim.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/weave.scm
share/gimp/2.0/scripts/xach-effect.scm
share/gimp/2.0/tags/
share/gimp/2.0/tags/gimp-tags-default.xml
share/gimp/2.0/themes/
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/gtkrc
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/arrow-down-insens.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/arrow-down-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/arrow-down-small-insens.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/arrow-down-small-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/arrow-down-small.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/arrow-down.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/arrow-left-insens.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/arrow-left-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/arrow-left.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/arrow-right-insens.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/arrow-right-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/arrow-right.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/arrow-up-insens.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/arrow-up-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/arrow-up-small-insens.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/arrow-up-small-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/arrow-up-small.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/arrow-up.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/bar-h.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/bar-v.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/blue.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/button-default.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/button-insensitive.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/button-normal.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/button-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/button-pressed.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/check1.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/check2.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/check3.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/combo-entry-border-active-bg.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/combo-entry-border-active-notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/combo-entry-border-active-rtl-notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/combo-entry-border-bg.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/combo-entry-border-disabled-bg.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/combo-entry-border-disabled-notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/combo-entry-border-disabled-rtl-bg.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/combo-entry-border-disabled-rtl-notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/combo-entry-border-notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/combo-entry-border-rtl-bg.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/combo-entry-border-rtl-notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/combo-entry-button-active-rtl.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/combo-entry-button-active.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/combo-entry-button-disabled-rtl.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/combo-entry-button-disabled.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/combo-entry-button-rtl.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/combo-entry-button.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/down-pre.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/down.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/entry-border-active-bg.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/entry-border-active-notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/entry-border-disabled-bg.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/entry-border-disabled-notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/entry-border-fill-active.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/entry-border-fill.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/entry-border-notebook-null.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/entry-border-notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/ext-bottom.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/ext-left.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/ext-right.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/ext-top.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/extension-bottom.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/extension-left.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/extension-right.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/extension-top.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/frame-gap-end.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/frame-gap-start.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/frame.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/gap_bottom.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/gap_left.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/gap_right.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/gap_top.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/gimp-arrow-down-insensitive.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/gimp-arrow-down-insenstive.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/gimp-arrow-down.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/gimp-arrow-left.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/gimp-arrow-right-dark.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/gimp-arrow-right.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/gimp-arrow-up.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/gimp-button-default.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/gimp-button-insensitive.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/gimp-button-normal.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/gimp-button-prelight-white-border.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/gimp-button-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/gimp-button-pressed.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/gimp-handle-h.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/gimp-handle-v.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/gimp-line-h.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/gimp-line-v.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/gimp-menu-line-h.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/gimp-tooltip-bg.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/list_header-pressed.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/list_header.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/menu-arrow-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/menu-arrow.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/menu.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/menubar.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/menuitem.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/minus.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/null.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/option1.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/option2.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/option3.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/plus.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/progressbar-trough.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/progressbar.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/shadow-in-alt.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/shadow-in.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/shadow-null.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/shadow-out.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/slider-h.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/slider-v.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/spin-down-insensitive.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/spin-down-normal.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/spin-down-pressed.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/spin-insensitive.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/spin-up-insensitive.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/spin-up-normal.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/spin-up-pressed.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/spin.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/toolbar.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Dark/ui/transparent.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/gtkrc
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/arrow-down-insens.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/arrow-down-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/arrow-down-small-insens.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/arrow-down-small-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/arrow-down-small.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/arrow-down.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/arrow-left-insens.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/arrow-left-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/arrow-left.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/arrow-right-insens.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/arrow-right-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/arrow-right.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/arrow-up-insens.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/arrow-up-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/arrow-up-small-insens.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/arrow-up-small-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/arrow-up-small.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/arrow-up.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/bar-h.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/bar-v.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/button-default.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/button-insensitive.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/button-normal.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/button-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/button-pressed.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/check1.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/check2.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/check3.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/combo-entry-border-active-bg.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/combo-entry-border-active-notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/combo-entry-border-active-rtl-notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/combo-entry-border-bg.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/combo-entry-border-disabled-bg.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/combo-entry-border-disabled-notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/combo-entry-border-disabled-rtl-bg.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/combo-entry-border-disabled-rtl-notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/combo-entry-border-notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/combo-entry-border-rtl-bg.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/combo-entry-border-rtl-notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/combo-entry-button-active-rtl.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/combo-entry-button-active.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/combo-entry-button-disabled-rtl.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/combo-entry-button-disabled.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/combo-entry-button-rtl.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/combo-entry-button.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/entry-border-active-bg.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/entry-border-active-notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/entry-border-disabled-bg.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/entry-border-disabled-notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/entry-border-fill-active-item.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/entry-border-fill-active.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/entry-border-fill.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/entry-border-notebook-null.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/entry-border-notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/ext-bottom.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/ext-left.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/ext-right.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/ext-top.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/extension-bottom.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/extension-left.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/extension-right.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/extension-top.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/frame-gap-end.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/frame-gap-start.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/frame.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/gap_bottom.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/gap_left.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/gap_right.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/gap_top.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/gimp-arrow-down-insensitive.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/gimp-arrow-down-insenstive.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/gimp-arrow-down.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/gimp-arrow-left.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/gimp-arrow-right-dark.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/gimp-arrow-right-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/gimp-arrow-right.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/gimp-arrow-up.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/gimp-button-default.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/gimp-button-insensitive.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/gimp-button-normal.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/gimp-button-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/gimp-button-pressed.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/gimp-handle-h.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/gimp-handle-v.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/gimp-line-h.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/gimp-line-v.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/gimp-menu-line-h.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/gimp-tooltip-bg.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/list_header-pressed.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/list_header.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/menu-arrow-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/menu-arrow.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/menu-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/menu.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/menubar.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/menuitem-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/menuitem.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/minus.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/null.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/option1.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/option2.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/option3.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/plus.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/progressbar-trough.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/progressbar.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/shadow-in-alt.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/shadow-in.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/shadow-null.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/shadow-out.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/slider-h.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/slider-v.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/spin-down-insensitive.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/spin-down-normal.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/spin-down-pressed.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/spin-insensitive.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/spin-up-insensitive.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/spin-up-normal.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/spin-up-pressed.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/spin.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/toolbar.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Gray/ui/transparent.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/gtkrc
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/arrow-down-insens.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/arrow-down-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/arrow-down-small-insens.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/arrow-down-small-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/arrow-down-small.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/arrow-down.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/arrow-left-insens.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/arrow-left-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/arrow-left.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/arrow-right-insens.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/arrow-right-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/arrow-right.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/arrow-up-insens.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/arrow-up-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/arrow-up-small-insens.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/arrow-up-small-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/arrow-up-small.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/arrow-up.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/bar-h.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/bar-v.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/button-default.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/button-insensitive.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/button-normal.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/button-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/button-pressed.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/check1.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/check2.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/check3.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/combo-entry-border-active-bg.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/combo-entry-border-active-notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/combo-entry-border-active-rtl-notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/combo-entry-border-bg.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/combo-entry-border-disabled-bg.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/combo-entry-border-disabled-notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/combo-entry-border-disabled-rtl-bg.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/combo-entry-border-disabled-rtl-notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/combo-entry-border-notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/combo-entry-border-rtl-bg.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/combo-entry-border-rtl-notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/combo-entry-button-active-rtl.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/combo-entry-button-active.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/combo-entry-button-disabled-rtl.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/combo-entry-button-disabled.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/combo-entry-button-rtl.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/combo-entry-button.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/down-pre.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/down.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/entry-border-active-bg.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/entry-border-active-notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/entry-border-disabled-bg.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/entry-border-disabled-notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/entry-border-fill-active-item.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/entry-border-fill-active.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/entry-border-fill.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/entry-border-notebook-null.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/entry-border-notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/ext-bottom.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/ext-left.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/ext-right.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/ext-top.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/extension-bottom.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/extension-left.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/extension-right.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/extension-top.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/frame-gap-end.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/frame-gap-start.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/frame.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/gap_bottom.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/gap_left.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/gap_right.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/gap_top.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/gimp-arrow-down-insensitive.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/gimp-arrow-down-insenstive.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/gimp-arrow-down.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/gimp-arrow-left.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/gimp-arrow-right-dark.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/gimp-arrow-right-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/gimp-arrow-right.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/gimp-arrow-up.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/gimp-button-default.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/gimp-button-insensitive.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/gimp-button-normal.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/gimp-button-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/gimp-button-pressed.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/gimp-handle-h.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/gimp-handle-v.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/gimp-line-h.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/gimp-line-v.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/gimp-menu-line-h.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/gimp-tooltip-bg.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/list_header-pressed.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/list_header.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/menu-arrow-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/menu-arrow.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/menu.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/menubar.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/menuitem-prelight.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/menuitem.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/minus.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/notebook.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/null.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/option1.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/option2.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/option3.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/plus.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/progressbar-trough.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/progressbar.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/shadow-in-alt.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/shadow-in.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/shadow-null.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/shadow-out.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/slider-h.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/slider-v.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/spin-down-insensitive.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/spin-down-normal.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/spin-down-pressed.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/spin-fill-bg.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/spin-insensitive.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/spin-up-insensitive.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/spin-up-normal.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/spin-up-pressed.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/spin.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/toolbar.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/Light/ui/transparent.png
share/gimp/2.0/themes/System/
share/gimp/2.0/themes/System/gtkrc
share/gimp/2.0/tips/
share/gimp/2.0/tips/gimp-tips.xml
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Crop/
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Crop/16_10.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Crop/16_9.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Crop/3_2-Landscape.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Crop/3_2-Portrait.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Crop/4_3-Landscape.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Crop/4_3-Portrait.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Crop/Square.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/FX/
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/FX/Crop-16-9.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/FX/Crop-Composition.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/FX/FX-Confetti.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/FX/FX-Radial-Softlight.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/FX/Fill-Paper.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/FX/Glow-Lights.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/FX/Smooth-Clone.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/FX/Vignette.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Paint/
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Paint/Airbrush-Color-From-Gradient.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Paint/Airbrush.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Paint/Basic-Knife.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Paint/Basic-Round-Detail.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Paint/Basic-Round.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Paint/Bristles.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Paint/Eraser-Hard.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Paint/Noise.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Paint/Paintbrush-Color-From-Gradient.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Paint/Pencil-Color-From-Gradient.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Paint/Smudge-Rough.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Paint/Smudge-Soft.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Paint/Soft-Oil.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Paint/Splatters.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Paint/Structure.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Paint/Vegetal.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Selection/
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Selection/Circle-200px.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Selection/Feathered-Selection.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Sketch/
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Sketch/Blue-Pen.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Sketch/Eraser-Soft.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Sketch/Ink-Smooth.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Sketch/Ink-Thin.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Sketch/Pencil-Soft.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/tool-presets/Sketch/Pencil.gtp
share/gimp/2.0/ui/
share/gimp/2.0/ui/plug-ins/
share/gimp/2.0/ui/plug-ins/plug-in-file-gif.ui
share/gimp/2.0/ui/plug-ins/plug-in-file-png.ui
share/gimp/2.0/ui/plug-ins/plug-in-file-raw.ui
share/gimp/2.0/ui/plug-ins/plug-in-file-tiff.ui
share/gimp/2.0/ui/plug-ins/plug-in-metadata-editor-calendar.ui
share/gimp/2.0/ui/plug-ins/plug-in-metadata-editor.ui
share/gimp/2.0/ui/plug-ins/plug-in-metadata-viewer.ui
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/GimpAspectPreview.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/GimpBrushSelectButton.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/GimpDrawablePreview.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/GimpFontSelectButton.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/GimpGradientSelectButton.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/GimpImageComboBox.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/GimpPaletteSelectButton.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/GimpPatternSelectButton.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/GimpProcBrowserDialog.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/GimpProgressBar.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/GimpSelectButton.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/GimpZoomPreview.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/api-index-full.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/home.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/index.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/left-insensitive.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/left.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-GimpItemComboBox.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-GimpProcView.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-data.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-general.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimp.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpbrush.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpbrushes.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpbrushmenu.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpbrushselect.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpbuffer.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpchannel.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpcolor.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpcontext.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpdebug.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpdisplay.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpdrawable.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpdrawablecolor.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpdrawableedit.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpdrawabletransform.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpdynamics.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpedit.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpenums.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpexport.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpfileops.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpfloatingsel.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpfontmenu.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpfonts.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpfontselect.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpgimprc.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpgradient.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpgradientmenu.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpgradients.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpgradientselect.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimphelp.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpimage.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpimagecolorprofile.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpimageconvert.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpimagegrid.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpimageguides.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpimagesamplepoints.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpimageselect.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpimagetransform.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpimageundo.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpitem.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpitemtransform.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimplayer.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpmenu.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpmessage.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpmetadata.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimppainttools.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimppalette.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimppalettemenu.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimppalettes.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimppaletteselect.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimppaths.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimppattern.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimppatternmenu.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimppatterns.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimppatternselect.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimppixbuf.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimppixelfetcher.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimppixelrgn.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpplugin.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpproceduraldb.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpprogress.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpregioniterator.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpselection.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpselectiontools.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimptextlayer.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimptexttool.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimptile.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimptransformtools.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpui.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-gimpvectors.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-image.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp-selectors.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp.devhelp2
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimp.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimpui-hierarchy.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/libgimpui.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/right-insensitive.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/right.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/style.css
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/up-insensitive.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimp/up.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/api-index-full.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/home.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/index.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/left-insensitive.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/left.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/libgimpbase-GimpMetadata.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/libgimpbase-GimpParasite.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/libgimpbase-GimpValueArray.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/libgimpbase-gimpbaseenums.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/libgimpbase-gimpbasetypes.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/libgimpbase-gimpchecks.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/libgimpbase-gimpcpuaccel.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/libgimpbase-gimpdatafiles.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/libgimpbase-gimpenv.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/libgimpbase-gimplimits.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/libgimpbase-gimpmemsize.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/libgimpbase-gimpparam.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/libgimpbase-gimpparasiteio.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/libgimpbase-gimprectangle.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/libgimpbase-gimpsignal.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/libgimpbase-gimpunit.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/libgimpbase-gimputils.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/libgimpbase-gimpversion.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/libgimpbase.devhelp2
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/pt01.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/right-insensitive.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/right.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/style.css
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/up-insensitive.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpbase/up.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpcolor/
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpcolor/GimpColorManaged.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpcolor/api-index-full.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpcolor/home.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpcolor/index.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpcolor/left-insensitive.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpcolor/left.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpcolor/libgimpcolor-GimpAdaptiveSupersample.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpcolor/libgimpcolor-GimpBilinear.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpcolor/libgimpcolor-GimpCMYK.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpcolor/libgimpcolor-GimpCairo.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpcolor/libgimpcolor-GimpColorProfile.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpcolor/libgimpcolor-GimpColorSpace.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpcolor/libgimpcolor-GimpColorTransform.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpcolor/libgimpcolor-GimpHSV.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpcolor/libgimpcolor-GimpPixbuf.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpcolor/libgimpcolor-GimpRGB.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpcolor/libgimpcolor.devhelp2
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpcolor/pt01.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpcolor/right-insensitive.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpcolor/right.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpcolor/style.css
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpcolor/up-insensitive.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpcolor/up.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpconfig/
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpconfig/GimpColorConfig.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpconfig/api-index-full.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpconfig/home.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpconfig/index.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpconfig/left-insensitive.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpconfig/left.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpconfig/libgimpconfig-GimpConfig-deserialize.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpconfig/libgimpconfig-GimpConfig-params.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpconfig/libgimpconfig-GimpConfig-path.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpconfig/libgimpconfig-GimpConfig-serialize.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpconfig/libgimpconfig-GimpConfig-utils.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpconfig/libgimpconfig-GimpConfig.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpconfig/libgimpconfig-GimpConfigError.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpconfig/libgimpconfig-GimpConfigWriter.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpconfig/libgimpconfig-GimpScanner.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpconfig/libgimpconfig-hierarchy.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpconfig/libgimpconfig.devhelp2
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpconfig/pt01.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpconfig/right-insensitive.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpconfig/right.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpconfig/style.css
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpconfig/up-insensitive.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpconfig/up.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmath/
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmath/api-index-full.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmath/home.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmath/index.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmath/left-insensitive.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmath/left.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmath/libgimpmath-GimpMD5.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmath/libgimpmath-GimpMath.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmath/libgimpmath-GimpMatrix.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmath/libgimpmath-GimpVector.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmath/libgimpmath.devhelp2
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmath/pt01.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmath/right-insensitive.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmath/right.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmath/style.css
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmath/up-insensitive.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmath/up.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmodule/
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmodule/GimpModule.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmodule/GimpModuleDB.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmodule/api-index-full.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmodule/home.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmodule/index.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmodule/left-insensitive.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmodule/left.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmodule/libgimpmodule.devhelp2
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmodule/pt01.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmodule/right-insensitive.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmodule/right.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmodule/style.css
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmodule/up-insensitive.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpmodule/up.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpthumb/
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpthumb/GimpThumbnail.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpthumb/api-index-full.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpthumb/home.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpthumb/index.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpthumb/left-insensitive.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpthumb/left.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpthumb/libgimpthumb-GimpThumb-enums.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpthumb/libgimpthumb-GimpThumb-error.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpthumb/libgimpthumb-GimpThumb-utils.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpthumb/libgimpthumb.devhelp2
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpthumb/pt01.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpthumb/right-insensitive.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpthumb/right.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpthumb/style.css
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpthumb/up-insensitive.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpthumb/up.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpBrowser.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpButton.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpCellRendererColor.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpCellRendererToggle.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpChainButton.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpColorArea.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpColorButton.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpColorDisplay.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpColorDisplayStack.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpColorHexEntry.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpColorNotebook.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpColorProfileChooserDialog.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpColorProfileComboBox.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpColorProfileStore.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpColorProfileView.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpColorScale.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpColorScales.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpColorSelect.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpColorSelection.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpColorSelector.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpController.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpDialog.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpEnumComboBox.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpEnumLabel.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpEnumStore.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpFileEntry.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpFrame.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpHintBox.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpIntComboBox.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpIntStore.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpMemsizeEntry.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpNumberPairEntry.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpOffsetArea.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpPageSelector.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpPathEditor.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpPickButton.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpPixmap.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpPreview.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpPreviewArea.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpRuler.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpScrolledPreview.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpSizeEntry.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpStringComboBox.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpUnitComboBox.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpUnitMenu.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpUnitStore.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/GimpZoomModel.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/api-index-full.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-anchor.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-attach.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-business-card.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-cap-butt.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-cap-round.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-cap-square.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-center.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-channel-alpha.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-channel-blue.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-channel-gray.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-channel-green.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-channel-indexed.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-channel-red.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-channel.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-channels.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-char-picker.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-clipboard.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-close-all.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-close.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-color-cmyk.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-color-pick-from-screen.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-color-picker-black.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-color-picker-gray.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-color-picker-white.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-color-space-linear.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-color-space-non-linear.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-color-space-perceptual.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-color-triangle.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-color-water.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-colormap.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-controller-keyboard.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-controller-linux-input.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-controller-midi.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-controller-wheel.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-controller.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-convert-grayscale.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-convert-indexed.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-convert-rgb.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-cursor.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-curve-free.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-curve-point-corner.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-curve-point-smooth.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-curve-smooth.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-dashboard.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-default-colors.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-detach.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-device-status.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-display-filter-clip-warning.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-display-filter-colorblind.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-display-filter-contrast.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-display-filter-gamma.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-display-filter-lcms.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-display-filter-proof.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-display-filter.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-display.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-duplicate.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-dynamics.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-error.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-file-manager.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-flip-horizontal.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-flip-vertical.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-floating-selection.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-frame.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-gegl.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-gradient-bilinear.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-gradient-conical-asymmetric.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-gradient-conical-symmetric.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-gradient-linear.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-gradient-radial.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-gradient-shapeburst-angular.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-gradient-shapeburst-dimpled.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-gradient-shapeburst-spherical.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-gradient-spiral-anticlockwise.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-gradient-spiral-clockwise.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-gradient-square.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-gravity-east.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-gravity-north-east.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-gravity-north-west.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-gravity-north.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-gravity-south-east.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-gravity-south-west.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-gravity-south.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-gravity-west.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-grid.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-group-layer.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-hcenter.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-hchain-broken.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-hchain.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-hfill.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-histogram-linear.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-histogram-logarithmic.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-histogram.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-image-open.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-image-reload.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-image.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-images.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-info.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-input-device.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-invert.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-join-bevel.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-join-miter.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-join-round.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-landscape.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-layer-mask.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-layer-to-imagesize.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-layer.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-layers.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-letter-spacing.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-line-spacing.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-linked.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-list.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-marker.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-menu-left.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-menu-right.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-merge-down.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-move-to-screen.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-navigation.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-paste-as-new.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-paste-into.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-path-stroke.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-path.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-paths.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-pattern.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-pivot-center.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-pivot-east.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-pivot-north-east.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-pivot-north-west.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-pivot-north.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-pivot-south-east.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-pivot-south-west.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-pivot-south.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-pivot-west.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-plugin.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-portrait.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-color-management.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-controllers.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-default-comment.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-default-grid.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-display.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-folders-brushes.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-folders-dynamics.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-folders-environ.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-folders-fonts.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-folders-gradients.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-folders-icon-themes.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-folders-interp.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-folders-modules.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-folders-mypaint-brushes.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-folders-palettes.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-folders-patterns.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-folders-plug-ins.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-folders-scripts.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-folders-themes.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-plug-ins.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-folders-tool-presets.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-folders-tools.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-folders.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-help-system.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-icon-theme.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-image-title.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-image-windows-appearance.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-image-windows-snapping.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-image-windows.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-import-export.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-input-devices.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-interface.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-new-image.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-playground.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-session.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-system-resources.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-theme.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-tool-options.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-toolbox.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-prefs-window-management.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-question.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-quick-mask-off.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-quick-mask-on.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-reset.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-reshow-filter.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-resize.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-rotate-180.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-rotate-270.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-rotate-90.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-sample-point.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-scale.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-selection-add.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-selection-all.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-selection-border.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-selection-grow.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-selection-intersect.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-selection-none.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-selection-replace.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-selection-shrink.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-selection-stroke.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-selection-subtract.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-selection-to-channel.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-selection-to-path.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-selection.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-shape-circle.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-shape-diamond.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-shape-square.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-shred.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-smartphone.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-swap-colors.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-symmetry.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-template.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-text-dir-ltr.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-text-dir-rtl.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-text-dir-ttb-ltr-upright.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-text-dir-ttb-ltr.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-text-dir-ttb-rtl-upright.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-text-dir-ttb-rtl.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-text-layer.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-texture.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-toilet-paper.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-airbrush.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-align.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-blur.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-brightness-contrast.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-bucket-fill.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-by-color-select.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-cage.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-clone.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-color-balance.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-color-picker.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-color-temperature.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-colorize.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-crop.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-curves.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-desaturate.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-dodge.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-ellipse-select.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-eraser.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-exposure.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-flip.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-foreground-select.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-free-select.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-fuzzy-select.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-gradient.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-handle-transform.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-heal.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-hue-saturation.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-ink.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-iscissors.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-levels.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-measure.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-move.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-mypaint-brush.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-n-point-deformation.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-offset.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-options.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-paintbrush.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-path.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-pencil.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-perspective-clone.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-perspective.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-posterize.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-preset.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-rect-select.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-rotate.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-scale.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-seamless-clone.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-shadows-highlights.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-shear.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-smudge.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-text.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-threshold.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-transform-3d.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-unified-transform.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-warp.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tool-zoom.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-tools.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-transform-3d-camera.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-transform-3d-move.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-transform-3d-rotate.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-transparency.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-undo-history.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-user-manual.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-vcenter.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-vchain-broken.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-vchain.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-vfill.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-video.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-visible.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-warning.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-web.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-widget-browser.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-widget-button.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-widget-chain-button.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-widget-color-area.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-widget-color-button.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-widget-color-hex-entry.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-widget-color-profile-combo-box.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-widget-color-scale.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-widget-color-selection.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-widget-dialog.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-widget-enum-combo-box.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-widget-enum-label.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-widget-file-entry.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-widget-frame.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-widget-hint-box.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-widget-int-combo-box.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-widget-memsize-entry.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-widget-number-pair-entry.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-widget-offset-area.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-widget-page-selector.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-widget-path-editor.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-widget-pick-button.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-widget-preview-area.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-widget-string-combo-box.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-widget-unit-menu.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-wilber-eek.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-wilber-outline.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-wilber.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/gimp-zoom-follow-window.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/home.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/index.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/left-insensitive.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/left.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/libgimpwidgets-GimpCairoUtils.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/libgimpwidgets-GimpEnumWidgets.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/libgimpwidgets-GimpHelpUI.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/libgimpwidgets-GimpIcons.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/libgimpwidgets-GimpOldWidgets.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/libgimpwidgets-GimpPropWidgets.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/libgimpwidgets-GimpQueryBox.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/libgimpwidgets-GimpWidgets.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/libgimpwidgets-GimpWidgetsUtils.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/libgimpwidgets-cell-renderers.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/libgimpwidgets-colordisplay.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/libgimpwidgets-colorselector.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/libgimpwidgets-controller.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/libgimpwidgets-deprecated.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/libgimpwidgets-gallery.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/libgimpwidgets-hierarchy.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/libgimpwidgets-utils.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/libgimpwidgets-widgets.html
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/libgimpwidgets.devhelp2
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/right-insensitive.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/right.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/style.css
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/up-insensitive.png
share/gtk-doc/html/libgimpwidgets/up.png
share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/gimp.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/apps/gimp.png
share/icons/hicolor/24x24/apps/gimp.png
share/icons/hicolor/256x256/apps/gimp.png
share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/gimp.png
share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/gimp.png
share/locale/am/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/ar/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/ar/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/ar/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/ar/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/ar/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/ast/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/az/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/az/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/az/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/az/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/be/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/be/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/be/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/be/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/be/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/bg/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/bg/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/bg/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/bg/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/bg/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/br/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/br/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/br/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/br/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/br/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/bs/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/bs/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/bs/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/bs/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/bs/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/ca/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/ca/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/ca/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/ca/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/ca/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/ca@valencia/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/ca@valencia/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/ca@valencia/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/ca@valencia/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/ca@valencia/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/cs/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/cs/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/cs/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/cs/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/cs/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/csb/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/da/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/da/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/da/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/da/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/da/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/de/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/de/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/de/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/de/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/de/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/dz/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/dz/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/dz/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/dz/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/dz/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/el/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/el/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/el/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/el/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/el/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/en_CA/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/en_CA/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/en_CA/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/en_CA/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/en_CA/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/eo/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/eo/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/eo/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/eo/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/eo/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/et/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/et/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/et/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/et/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/et/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/eu/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/eu/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/eu/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/eu/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/eu/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/fa/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/fa/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/fa/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/fa/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/fa/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/fi/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/fi/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/fi/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/fi/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/fi/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/ga/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/ga/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/ga/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/ga/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/ga/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/gd/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/gl/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/gl/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/gl/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/gl/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/gl/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/gu/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/gu/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/gu/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/gu/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/gu/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/he/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/he/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/he/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/he/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/hi/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/hr/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/hr/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/hr/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/hr/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/hr/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/hu/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/hu/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/hu/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/hu/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/hu/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/id/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/id/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/id/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/id/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/id/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/is/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/is/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/is/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/is/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/is/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/it/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/it/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/it/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/it/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/it/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/ja/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/ja/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/ja/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/ja/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/ja/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/ka/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/kab/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/kab/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/kk/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/kk/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/km/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/km/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/km/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/km/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/km/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/kn/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/kn/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/ko/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/ko/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/ko/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/ko/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/ko/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/ky/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/lt/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/lt/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/lt/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/lt/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/lt/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/lv/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/lv/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/lv/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/lv/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/lv/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/mk/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/mk/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/mk/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/mk/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/mk/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/ml/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/mr/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/mr/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/mr/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/mr/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/mr/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/ms/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/ms/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/ms/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/ms/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/ms/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/my/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/my/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/my/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/my/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/my/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/nb/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/nb/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/nb/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/nb/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/nb/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/nds/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/ne/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/ne/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/ne/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/ne/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/ne/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/nl/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/nl/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/nl/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/nl/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/nl/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/nn/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/nn/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/nn/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/nn/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/nn/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/oc/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/oc/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/oc/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/oc/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/oc/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/pa/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/pa/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/pa/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/pa/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/pa/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/pl/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/pl/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/pl/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/pl/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/pl/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/pt/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/pt/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/pt/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/pt/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/pt/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/ro/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/ro/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/ro/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/ro/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/ro/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/rw/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/rw/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/rw/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/rw/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/rw/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/si/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/sk/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/sk/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/sk/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/sk/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/sk/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/sl/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/sl/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/sl/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/sl/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/sl/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/sr/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/sr/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/sr/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/sr/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/sr/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/sr@latin/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/sr@latin/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/sr@latin/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/sr@latin/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/sr@latin/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/sv/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/sv/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/sv/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/sv/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/sv/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/ta/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/ta/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/ta/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/ta/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/te/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/te/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/te/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/te/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/th/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/tr/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/tr/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/tr/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/tr/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/tr/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/tt/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/uk/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/uk/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/uk/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/uk/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/uk/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/vi/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/vi/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/vi/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/vi/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/vi/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/xh/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/xh/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/xh/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/xh/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/xh/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/yi/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/yi/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/yi/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/yi/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/zh_HK/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/zh_HK/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/zh_HK/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/zh_HK/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/zh_HK/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/locale/zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-libgimp.mo
share/locale/zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-python.mo
share/locale/zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-script-fu.mo
share/locale/zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20-std-plug-ins.mo
share/locale/zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/gimp20.mo
share/metainfo/
share/metainfo/gimp-data-extras.metainfo.xml
share/metainfo/org.gimp.GIMP.appdata.xml
@tag gtk-update-icon-cache %D/share/icons/hicolor
@tag update-desktop-database
