@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST,v 1.3 2021/10/08 09:39:22 tb Exp $
@bin bin/inifile
@bin bin/isql
@bin bin/isqlw
@bin bin/virt_mail
@bin bin/virtuoso-t
lib/hibernate/
lib/hibernate/virt_dialect.jar
lib/jdbc-2.0/
lib/jdbc-2.0/virtjdbc2.jar
lib/jdbc-3.0/
lib/jdbc-3.0/virtjdbc3.jar
lib/jdbc-3.0/virtjdbc3ssl.jar
lib/jdbc-4.0/
lib/jdbc-4.0/virtjdbc4.jar
lib/jdbc-4.0/virtjdbc4ssl.jar
lib/jena/
lib/jena/virt_jena.jar
@static-lib lib/libvirtuoso-t.a
lib/libvirtuoso-t.la
lib/sesame/
lib/sesame/create-virtuoso.xsl
lib/sesame/create.xsl
lib/sesame/virt_sesame.jar
lib/sesame/virt_sesame2.jar
lib/sesame/virt_sesame3.jar
lib/virtuoso/
lib/virtuoso/hosting/
lib/virtuoso/hosting/im.a
lib/virtuoso/hosting/im.la
@so lib/virtuoso/hosting/im.so
lib/virtuoso/plugins/
lib/virtuoso/plugins/virtodbc.a
lib/virtuoso/plugins/virtodbc.la
@so lib/virtuoso/plugins/virtodbc.so
lib/virtuoso/plugins/virtodbc_r.a
lib/virtuoso/plugins/virtodbc_r.la
@so lib/virtuoso/plugins/virtodbc_r.so
lib/virtuoso/plugins/virtodbcu.a
lib/virtuoso/plugins/virtodbcu.la
@so lib/virtuoso/plugins/virtodbcu.so
lib/virtuoso/plugins/virtodbcu_r.a
lib/virtuoso/plugins/virtodbcu_r.la
@so lib/virtuoso/plugins/virtodbcu_r.so
share/doc/virtuoso/
share/doc/virtuoso/AUTHORS
share/doc/virtuoso/COPYING
share/doc/virtuoso/CREDITS
share/doc/virtuoso/INSTALL
share/doc/virtuoso/LICENSE
share/doc/virtuoso/NEWS
share/doc/virtuoso/README
share/doc/virtuoso/README.CVS
share/doc/virtuoso/README.GIT
share/doc/virtuoso/README.UPGRADE
share/doc/virtuoso/README.WINDOWS
share/doc/virtuoso/README.hibernate
share/doc/virtuoso/README.jena
share/doc/virtuoso/README.jsse
share/doc/virtuoso/README.php5
share/doc/virtuoso/README.sesame2
share/doc/virtuoso/README.sesame3
share/virtuoso/
@sample /var/virtuoso/
share/virtuoso/db/
@sample /var/virtuoso/db/
share/virtuoso/db/virtuoso.ini
@sample /var/virtuoso/db/virtuoso.ini
@sample /var/virtuoso/vad/
share/virtuoso/vsp/
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/
share/virtuoso/vsp/admin/
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/admin/
share/virtuoso/vsp/admin/index_left.vsp
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/admin/index_left.vsp
share/virtuoso/vsp/admin_style.html
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/admin_style.html
share/virtuoso/vsp/bugsfixed.html
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/bugsfixed.html
share/virtuoso/vsp/default.css
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/default.css
share/virtuoso/vsp/demo-index.html
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/demo-index.html
share/virtuoso/vsp/downfr.html
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/downfr.html
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/PoweredByVirtuoso.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/PoweredByVirtuoso.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/PoweredByVirtuosoSmall2.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/PoweredByVirtuosoSmall2.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/VirtuosoSplash2.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/VirtuosoSplash2.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/about_32.png
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/about_32.png
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/atom.png
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/atom.png
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/atom03.png
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/atom03.png
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/bg.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/bg.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/bl-arrow.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/bl-arrow.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/bl-house.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/bl-house.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/blog-active.png
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/blog-active.png
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/bloglogo.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/bloglogo.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/bpel-lg.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/bpel-lg.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/bpel-sm.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/bpel-sm.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/bugsfixed.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/bugsfixed.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/conductor-lg.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/conductor-lg.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/conductor-sm.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/conductor-sm.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/cross.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/cross.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/dash-sm.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/dash-sm.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/dir.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/dir.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/dir_prop.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/dir_prop.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/docs_16.png
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/docs_16.png
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/echo_prototype.png
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/echo_prototype.png
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/exit.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/exit.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/featdemo.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/featdemo.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/foaf.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/foaf.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/generic.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/generic.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/globe_xl.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/globe_xl.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/help_32.png
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/help_32.png
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/home.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/home.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/html401.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/html401.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/http-lg.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/http-lg.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/http-sm.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/http-sm.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/hzline1.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/hzline1.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/isql-lg.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/isql-lg.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/isql-sm.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/isql-sm.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/jdbcdemo.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/jdbcdemo.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/line.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/line.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/line.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/line.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/logobg.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/logobg.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/mailto.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/mailto.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/menutpl.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/menutpl.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/mxml.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/mxml.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/nav_arrrow1.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/nav_arrrow1.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/newfeatures.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/newfeatures.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/oplhome.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/oplhome.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/opml.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/opml.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/opsys_32.png
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/opsys_32.png
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/opts_16.png
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/opts_16.png
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/prop.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/prop.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/rdf.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/rdf.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/rdf48.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/rdf48.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/repl-sm.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/repl-sm.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/rss201.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/rss201.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/score.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/score.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/sel_nav2_grad2.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/sel_nav2_grad2.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/sel_nav_grad2.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/sel_nav_grad2.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/sky_blu_grad.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/sky_blu_grad.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/slvnav.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/slvnav.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/soap-lg.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/soap-lg.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/soap-sm.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/soap-sm.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/soap_r3_1.png
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/soap_r3_1.png
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/soap_r3_2.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/soap_r3_2.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/soap_r3_3.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/soap_r3_3.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/solndemo.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/solndemo.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/sqlxml-lg.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/sqlxml-lg.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/stl_blu1_grad.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/stl_blu1_grad.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/stl_blu2_grad.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/stl_blu2_grad.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/support_32.png
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/support_32.png
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/tick.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/tick.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/tour_16.png
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/tour_16.png
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/vadmin.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/vadmin.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/vblog2_32.png
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/vblog2_32.png
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/vblog_32.png
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/vblog_32.png
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/vbloglogo.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/vbloglogo.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/vdbdsn-lg.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/vdbdsn-lg.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/vdbdsn-sm.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/vdbdsn-sm.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/vdemo.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/vdemo.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/vdocs.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/vdocs.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/vdocs2_32.png
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/vdocs2_32.png
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/vdocs_32.png
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/vdocs_32.png
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/vdoctitle1.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/vdoctitle1.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/virtblck.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/virtblck.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/virtblck.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/virtblck.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/virtuoso_banner.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/virtuoso_banner.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/virtv.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/virtv.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/vlogin.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/vlogin.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/vprodinf.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/vprodinf.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/vrthome.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/vrthome.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/vrtnews.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/vrtnews.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/vsales.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/vsales.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/vsoftdwn.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/vsoftdwn.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/vsupport.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/vsupport.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/wa-lg.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/wa-lg.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/wa-sm.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/wa-sm.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/web_16.png
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/web_16.png
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/webdav-lg.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/webdav-lg.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/webdav-sm.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/webdav-sm.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/wnew_16.png
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/wnew_16.png
share/virtuoso/vsp/images/xml.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/images/xml.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/index.html
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/index.html
share/virtuoso/vsp/index1.html
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/index1.html
share/virtuoso/vsp/knownissues.html
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/knownissues.html
share/virtuoso/vsp/leftfr.html
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/leftfr.html
share/virtuoso/vsp/mainfr.html
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/mainfr.html
share/virtuoso/vsp/newfeatures.html
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/newfeatures.html
share/virtuoso/vsp/releasenotes.css
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/releasenotes.css
share/virtuoso/vsp/releasenotes.html
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/releasenotes.html
share/virtuoso/vsp/robots.txt
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/robots.txt
share/virtuoso/vsp/vsmx/
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/vsmx/
share/virtuoso/vsp/vsmx/close_16.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/vsmx/close_16.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/vsmx/default.css
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/vsmx/default.css
share/virtuoso/vsp/vsmx/minus.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/vsmx/minus.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/vsmx/msg.vspx
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/vsmx/msg.vspx
share/virtuoso/vsp/vsmx/oper.vspx
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/vsmx/oper.vspx
share/virtuoso/vsp/vsmx/plus.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/vsmx/plus.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/vsmx/slvnav.jpg
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/vsmx/slvnav.jpg
share/virtuoso/vsp/vsmx/stl_blu1_grad.gif
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/vsmx/stl_blu1_grad.gif
share/virtuoso/vsp/vsmx/vsmx.vspx
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/vsmx/vsmx.vspx
share/virtuoso/vsp/vsmx/vsmx_msg.xsl
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/vsmx/vsmx_msg.xsl
share/virtuoso/vsp/vsmx/vsmx_oper.xsl
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/vsmx/vsmx_oper.xsl
share/virtuoso/vsp/vsmx/vsmx_res.xsl
@sample /var/virtuoso/vsp/vsmx/vsmx_res.xsl
