@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST,v 1.2 2021/10/06 01:43:28 bcallah Exp $
@bin bin/armagetronad
share/armagetronad/
share/armagetronad/desktop/
share/armagetronad/desktop/armagetronad.appdata.xml
share/armagetronad/desktop/armagetronad.desktop
share/armagetronad/desktop/icons/
share/armagetronad/desktop/icons/16x16/
share/armagetronad/desktop/icons/16x16/armagetronad.png
share/armagetronad/desktop/icons/32x32/
share/armagetronad/desktop/icons/32x32/armagetronad.png
share/armagetronad/desktop/icons/48x48/
share/armagetronad/desktop/icons/48x48/armagetronad.png
share/armagetronad/language/
share/armagetronad/language/american.txt
share/armagetronad/language/british.txt
share/armagetronad/language/deutsch.txt
share/armagetronad/language/english_base.txt
share/armagetronad/language/english_base_notranslate.txt
share/armagetronad/language/french.txt
share/armagetronad/language/languages.txt
share/armagetronad/language/languages.txt.in
share/armagetronad/language/polish.txt
share/armagetronad/language/polish_transliterated.txt
share/armagetronad/language/spanish.txt
share/armagetronad/language/update.py
share/armagetronad/models/
share/armagetronad/models/cycle_body.mod
share/armagetronad/models/cycle_front.mod
share/armagetronad/models/cycle_rear.mod
share/armagetronad/resource/
share/armagetronad/resource/included/
share/armagetronad/resource/included/AATeam/
share/armagetronad/resource/included/AATeam/map-0.2.8.0.dtd
share/armagetronad/resource/included/AATeam/map-0.2.8.0_rc4.dtd
share/armagetronad/resource/included/Anonymous/
share/armagetronad/resource/included/Anonymous/README
share/armagetronad/resource/included/Anonymous/polygon/
share/armagetronad/resource/included/Anonymous/polygon/README
share/armagetronad/resource/included/Anonymous/polygon/regular/
share/armagetronad/resource/included/Anonymous/polygon/regular/40-gon-0.2.aamap.xml
share/armagetronad/resource/included/Anonymous/polygon/regular/README
share/armagetronad/resource/included/Anonymous/polygon/regular/diamond-1.0.2.aamap.xml
share/armagetronad/resource/included/Anonymous/polygon/regular/square-1.0.1.aamap.xml
share/armagetronad/resource/included/Your_mom/
share/armagetronad/resource/included/Your_mom/clever/
share/armagetronad/resource/included/Your_mom/clever/inaktek-0.7.2.aamap.xml
share/armagetronad/resource/included/Your_mom/clever/repeat-0.3.2.aamap.xml
share/armagetronad/resource/included/Z-Man/
share/armagetronad/resource/included/Z-Man/fortress/
share/armagetronad/resource/included/Z-Man/fortress/for_old_clients-0.1.0.aamap.xml
share/armagetronad/resource/included/Z-Man/fortress/fourfold_for_old_clients-0.1.0.aamap.xml
share/armagetronad/resource/included/Z-Man/fortress/sumo_4x4-0.1.1.aamap.xml
share/armagetronad/resource/included/Z-Man/fortress/sumo_8x2-0.1.0.aamap.xml
share/armagetronad/resource/included/Z-Man/fortress/zonetest-0.1.0.aamap.xml
share/armagetronad/resource/included/map-0.1-exp.dtd
share/armagetronad/resource/included/map-0.1.dtd
share/armagetronad/resource/included/map-0.2.8_beta3.dtd
share/armagetronad/scripts/
share/armagetronad/scripts/rcd_config
share/armagetronad/scripts/rcd_startstop
share/armagetronad/scripts/relocate
share/armagetronad/scripts/sysinstall
share/armagetronad/sound/
share/armagetronad/sound/cyclrun.wav
share/armagetronad/sound/expl.wav
share/armagetronad/textures/
share/armagetronad/textures/KGN_logo.png
share/armagetronad/textures/cycle_body.png
share/armagetronad/textures/cycle_wheel.png
share/armagetronad/textures/dir_wall.png
share/armagetronad/textures/floor.png
share/armagetronad/textures/floor_a.png
share/armagetronad/textures/floor_b.png
share/armagetronad/textures/font.png
share/armagetronad/textures/font_extra.png
share/armagetronad/textures/font_s.png
share/armagetronad/textures/icon.png
share/armagetronad/textures/rim_wall.png
share/armagetronad/textures/shadow.png
share/armagetronad/textures/sky.png
share/armagetronad/textures/title.jpg
share/doc/armagetronad/
share/doc/armagetronad/COPYING.txt
share/doc/armagetronad/Howto-Maps.txt
share/doc/armagetronad/commands.txt
share/doc/armagetronad/html/
share/doc/armagetronad/html/bugs.html
share/doc/armagetronad/html/changelog.html
share/doc/armagetronad/html/commands.html
share/doc/armagetronad/html/compile.html
share/doc/armagetronad/html/config.html
share/doc/armagetronad/html/faq.html
share/doc/armagetronad/html/index.html
share/doc/armagetronad/html/install_linux.html
share/doc/armagetronad/html/install_macosx.html
share/doc/armagetronad/html/install_result.html
share/doc/armagetronad/html/install_windows.html
share/doc/armagetronad/html/net/
share/doc/armagetronad/html/net/index.html
share/doc/armagetronad/html/net/lower.html
share/doc/armagetronad/html/net/middle.html
share/doc/armagetronad/html/net/upper.html
share/doc/armagetronad/html/network.html
share/doc/armagetronad/html/readme_macosx.html
share/doc/armagetronad/html/todo.html
share/doc/armagetronad/html/versions.html
share/examples/armagetronad/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/
share/examples/armagetronad/aiplayers.cfg
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/aiplayers.cfg
share/examples/armagetronad/default.cfg
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/default.cfg
share/examples/armagetronad/examples/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/examples/
share/examples/armagetronad/examples/breakfast_in_hell.cfg
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/examples/breakfast_in_hell.cfg
share/examples/armagetronad/examples/cvs_test/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/examples/cvs_test/
share/examples/armagetronad/examples/cvs_test/fortress_complete.cfg
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/examples/cvs_test/fortress_complete.cfg
share/examples/armagetronad/examples/cvs_test/fortress_physics.cfg
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/examples/cvs_test/fortress_physics.cfg
share/examples/armagetronad/examples/cvs_test/fortress_politics.cfg
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/examples/cvs_test/fortress_politics.cfg
share/examples/armagetronad/examples/cvs_test/fortress_scoring.cfg
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/examples/cvs_test/fortress_scoring.cfg
share/examples/armagetronad/examples/cvs_test/sumo_complete.cfg
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/examples/cvs_test/sumo_complete.cfg
share/examples/armagetronad/examples/death_zone.cfg
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/examples/death_zone.cfg
share/examples/armagetronad/examples/fortress_soccer.cfg
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/examples/fortress_soccer.cfg
share/examples/armagetronad/examples/single_use_turbo.cfg
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/examples/single_use_turbo.cfg
share/examples/armagetronad/examples/teamsumo.cfg
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/examples/teamsumo.cfg
share/examples/armagetronad/keys_cursor.cfg
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/examples/keys_cursor.cfg
share/examples/armagetronad/keys_cursor_single.cfg
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/examples/keys_cursor_single.cfg
share/examples/armagetronad/keys_twohand.cfg
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/examples/keys_twohand.cfg
share/examples/armagetronad/keys_wasd.cfg
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/examples/keys_wasd.cfg
share/examples/armagetronad/keys_x.cfg
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/examples/keys_x.cfg
share/examples/armagetronad/keys_zqsd.cfg
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/examples/keys_zqsd.cfg
share/examples/armagetronad/master.srv
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/master.srv
share/examples/armagetronad/rc.config
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/rc.config
share/examples/armagetronad/settings.cfg
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/settings.cfg
share/examples/armagetronad/settings_authentication.cfg
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/settings_authentication.cfg
share/examples/armagetronad/settings_dedicated.cfg
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/settings_dedicated.cfg
share/examples/armagetronad/settings_visual.cfg
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/settings_visual.cfg
share/examples/armagetronad/subcultures.srv
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/armagetronad/subcultures.srv
