@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST-mysql,v 1.12 2021/10/03 20:28:43 sthen Exp $
@pkgpath net/freeradius3,-mysql
@so lib/freeradius/rlm_sql_mysql.so
@group _freeradius
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/counter/mysql/
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/counter/mysql/
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/counter/mysql/dailycounter.conf
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/counter/mysql/dailycounter.conf
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/counter/mysql/expire_on_login.conf
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/counter/mysql/expire_on_login.conf
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/counter/mysql/monthlycounter.conf
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/counter/mysql/monthlycounter.conf
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/counter/mysql/noresetcounter.conf
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/counter/mysql/noresetcounter.conf
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/counter/mysql/weeklycounter.conf
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/counter/mysql/weeklycounter.conf
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/cui/mysql/
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/cui/mysql/
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/cui/mysql/queries.conf
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/cui/mysql/queries.conf
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/cui/mysql/schema.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/cui/mysql/schema.sql
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/dhcp/mysql/
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/dhcp/mysql/
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/dhcp/mysql/queries.conf
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/dhcp/mysql/queries.conf
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/dhcp/mysql/schema.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/dhcp/mysql/schema.sql
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/dhcp/mysql/setup.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/dhcp/mysql/setup.sql
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/ippool-dhcp/mysql/
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/ippool-dhcp/mysql/
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/ippool-dhcp/mysql/procedure-no-skip-locked.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/ippool-dhcp/mysql/procedure-no-skip-locked.sql
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/ippool-dhcp/mysql/procedure.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/ippool-dhcp/mysql/procedure.sql
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/ippool-dhcp/mysql/queries.conf
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/ippool-dhcp/mysql/queries.conf
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/ippool-dhcp/mysql/schema.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/ippool-dhcp/mysql/schema.sql
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/ippool/mysql/
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/ippool/mysql/
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/ippool/mysql/procedure-no-skip-locked.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/ippool/mysql/procedure-no-skip-locked.sql
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/ippool/mysql/procedure.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/ippool/mysql/procedure.sql
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/ippool/mysql/queries.conf
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/ippool/mysql/queries.conf
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/ippool/mysql/schema.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/ippool/mysql/schema.sql
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/main/mysql/
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/main/mysql/
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/main/mysql/extras/
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/main/mysql/extras/
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/main/mysql/extras/wimax/
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/main/mysql/extras/wimax/
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/main/mysql/extras/wimax/queries.conf
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/main/mysql/extras/wimax/queries.conf
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/main/mysql/extras/wimax/schema.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/main/mysql/extras/wimax/schema.sql
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/main/mysql/process-radacct.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/main/mysql/process-radacct.sql
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/main/mysql/queries.conf
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/main/mysql/queries.conf
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/main/mysql/schema.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/main/mysql/schema.sql
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/main/mysql/setup.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/main/mysql/setup.sql
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/main/ndb/
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/main/ndb/
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/main/ndb/README
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/main/ndb/README
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/main/ndb/schema.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/main/ndb/schema.sql
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/main/ndb/setup.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/main/ndb/setup.sql
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/moonshot-targeted-ids/mysql/
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/moonshot-targeted-ids/mysql/
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/moonshot-targeted-ids/mysql/queries.conf
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/moonshot-targeted-ids/mysql/queries.conf
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/moonshot-targeted-ids/mysql/schema.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/moonshot-targeted-ids/mysql/schema.sql
