@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST-pgsql,v 1.9 2021/10/03 20:28:43 sthen Exp $
@pkgpath net/freeradius3,-pgsql
@so lib/freeradius/rlm_sql_postgresql.so
@group _freeradius
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/counter/postgresql/
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/counter/postgresql/
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/counter/postgresql/dailycounter.conf
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/counter/postgresql/dailycounter.conf
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/counter/postgresql/expire_on_login.conf
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/counter/postgresql/expire_on_login.conf
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/counter/postgresql/monthlycounter.conf
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/counter/postgresql/monthlycounter.conf
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/counter/postgresql/noresetcounter.conf
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/counter/postgresql/noresetcounter.conf
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/counter/postgresql/weeklycounter.conf
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/counter/postgresql/weeklycounter.conf
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/cui/postgresql/
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/cui/postgresql/
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/cui/postgresql/queries.conf
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/cui/postgresql/queries.conf
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/cui/postgresql/schema.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/cui/postgresql/schema.sql
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/dhcp/postgresql/
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/dhcp/postgresql/
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/dhcp/postgresql/queries.conf
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/dhcp/postgresql/queries.conf
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/dhcp/postgresql/schema.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/dhcp/postgresql/schema.sql
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/dhcp/postgresql/setup.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/dhcp/postgresql/setup.sql
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/ippool-dhcp/postgresql/
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/ippool-dhcp/postgresql/
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/ippool-dhcp/postgresql/procedure.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/ippool-dhcp/postgresql/procedure.sql
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/ippool-dhcp/postgresql/queries.conf
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/ippool-dhcp/postgresql/queries.conf
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/ippool-dhcp/postgresql/schema.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/ippool-dhcp/postgresql/schema.sql
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/ippool/postgresql/
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/ippool/postgresql/
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/ippool/postgresql/procedure.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/ippool/postgresql/procedure.sql
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/ippool/postgresql/queries.conf
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/ippool/postgresql/queries.conf
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/ippool/postgresql/schema.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/ippool/postgresql/schema.sql
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/main/postgresql/
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/main/postgresql/
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/main/postgresql/extras/
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/main/postgresql/extras/
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/main/postgresql/extras/cisco_h323_db_schema.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/main/postgresql/extras/cisco_h323_db_schema.sql
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/main/postgresql/extras/voip-postpaid.conf
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/main/postgresql/extras/voip-postpaid.conf
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/main/postgresql/process-radacct.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/main/postgresql/process-radacct.sql
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/main/postgresql/queries.conf
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/main/postgresql/queries.conf
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/main/postgresql/schema.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/main/postgresql/schema.sql
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/main/postgresql/setup.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/main/postgresql/setup.sql
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/moonshot-targeted-ids/postgresql/
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/moonshot-targeted-ids/postgresql/
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/moonshot-targeted-ids/postgresql/queries.conf
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/moonshot-targeted-ids/postgresql/queries.conf
share/examples/freeradius/mods-config/sql/moonshot-targeted-ids/postgresql/schema.sql
@sample ${FREERADIUS_ETC}/mods-config/sql/moonshot-targeted-ids/postgresql/schema.sql
